Hey, Dave. How’s it going Hey, Oliver. It’s fine, how are you? Do you want to join over Teams this time Teams works. Yeah. Yeah. I want to try out Tana. It’s like a transcription app and see how it works as far as organizing our notes and stuff. Okay. Okay Sounds good. All right So I added a Google Meet to the meeting on the calendar. You added Google, so. What was that? Microsoft Teams or Google Meet? Google Meet. Oh, okay. Okay. Thanks. That’s all right. All right There you are. How are you doing? How are we doing How are we doing? How’s it going? Not good All right. So are you growing it back out, or are you just? I like having long hair. It just keeps growing. Yeah. I cut it down and then it’s just like it grows so fast. I have my way. I probably could grow some dreadlocks. That’s what I would like to do. Why not I mean. Is it curly enough for dreadlocks I mean, if I have my way, I just have long dreadlocks. And it’d be quite a statement. People would be like, “Who the fuck is that guy?” Yeah. I mean, if your hair will do that, mine wouldn’t dread. I mean, I think I tried as a teenager, and it was like not going to happen. Yeah. I feel like it would I don’t know. I feel like I have a really curly hair, and I’m strong hair. I feel like I would dread. Well, it’s your hair, man. Who knows, man? Who knows what’s going to happen? Yeah. I’m more concerned about public opinion because I don’t want to be not having a job. I don’t know Well, even guys with dreads tie it back when they’re trying to look spiffy. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Everything can be made to look managed. Yeah. Depending. Professional So there’s yeah. So yeah, I know. I mean, I’m a guy who likes to work from home and wear my pajamas every day, so I really so. Not wearing pajamas to work. Yeah. It’s good. All right So let’s see. Hopefully, I’m not sure. Let me make sure I pushed all the changes to role fairy that I made. Get status. Okay. All right I think it’s already up to date. Well, let me just check the repo. I sent you an email too. Another one Yeah. I sent you a recent email. How recent? This is because just while I was working here, waiting for you because-. Like right now Yeah. One of the things is it’s crazy. You fix one thing, but then another thing pops up. Okay. Typically. Let me make sure everything’s pushed. I see. Go to the develop branch here. For example, you fix the job description thing that relates to job track piece. What do you mean Yeah. This one actually needed to be changed from the maybe I need to see if you push the changes. Let me check real quick. When I send messages to people about my business, Indian people are the first to respond. Indian people are taking over everything. Well, they’re hungry, and there’s a lot of them. So that would kind of make sense, right There’s billions of them, and they’re looking for. Millions of them. And they’re. So many Indians. There’s billions. So many There’s literally billions, and they’re trying to get their foot in the door of not being super poor. I don’t know. Every time I watch one of these movies that were filmed in India, they’re like, “What was it?” Do you see the one where the guy he grows up? He gets separated from his family. He’s with his brother, and they’re stealing coal off the back of a truck just so they can buy some milk for their mom. So they’re stealing a couple lumps of coal off the back of this truck, and it’s this big deal, and they have to walk all day. Their mom piles up stones for a living. And they finally bring back some coal so that they can sell it at the market and get her a little bit of milk. And they take it back, and they’re all wearing literal rags. And then one day, he gets separated from his brother, and he can’t find his way home because he falls asleep on a train, and it takes him across India, which is huge, right? So he’s on the train for hours of sleep. He has no idea how to find his way home. He ends up eventually getting adopted by a family in New Zealand or something. And then so then when he’s much older, he has he’s reminded he goes to some party, and they’re serving some mimosas or whatever. It’s not what do they call those little pastries? Masomas, whatever. Anyway, so anyways, he’s reminded of his culture, and he’s like, “Oh, shit. I got to go look for my family.” So then he goes on this true story, by the way. He goes on this mission, and he finally finds his mom, but it turns out his brother died that day. That’s why he couldn’t find him. He got hit by a train, and anyway. So anytime I watch one of these movies, Slumdog Millionaire or whatever, they’re super poor, man. Most of India is super poor. We’re talking pennies a day in wages, super poor. And then I talk to all these guys at work because I work with a lot of them. They’re software developers. And I don’t know what they’re paying them because they’re working the same job I am, but I’m sure the difference between pennies a day and hundreds of thousands a year is worth being the most aggressive person to respond to an email, right? So I give you my long-winded man explaining of your assessment, but yeah. That’s my perspective. Long-winded man explaining. I do that to my wife all the time. She makes one little comment about some store sign, and it’s like, “I wonder why it’s like that.” Let me explain to you. See, I have a lot. I understand. I was like, “I’m just trying to give you a thoughtful answer to what you said.” Yeah. Yeah. But anyway let’s see. I’m updating a couple of things real quick just because the way we don’t need to. Yeah, because I want to get this going, man. I think that did you see the post I made? On LinkedIn I mean, I made a lot lately, but. I haven’t been on LinkedIn just because I haven’t needed to be. Since I’m deployed and it’s hard for me to kind of justify going on there. Not against it. It’s just I only have so much time in a day, and I just don’t emotionally, I get a bunch of emails from job people. Yeah. No, I don’t expect you to. So I’ll just give you the rundown. Amazon cut 14000 people. Verizon cut 15,000 people. Target cut 4,200 people. Facebook, Meta, cut 4,000 people. Cisco, 3,000. UPS, 2,000, 200. Delta, 1,500. Synopsys, 2000. Yeah. Well, I mean, that’s demand for our app, right? I mean, the demand just went up. The value of the price of the app, the value just went up, right? I mean, I feel bad for all those people, but I mean, we knew that was coming. It’s just a question of when. And it’s going to be more and more layoffs. I mean, for these big tech companies not to be laying people off means they’re not doing something right. The AI clearly replaces many, many functions. And even my work that I do is I’m not replaceable in a sense because I’m the architect, but I mean, I have to give instructions to the AI. I don’t want to build, but it’s still making my work I mean, there’s no way I would accomplish this much work in a day. I get a lot done. For example, they asked me to do a kind of a presentation but it’s on Monday. And I gave it to me Friday afternoon. Give a presentation on Monday. Normally, I’d be like, “Dude, give me some time.” But honestly, it’s like, “Okay. Presentation. Done.” And I’m going to go above and beyond to film it ahead of time so that it’s uploaded in case I can get out of the meeting or at least have some of the people look at it who weren’t there. And prepare a really nice presentation so that no matter how bad I clam up and do bad at the presentation, there’s a really nice recorded YouTube quality version for them to watch that’s really explains it, so. Just as kind of a mitigator for that potentiality. Okay. So let me add all I’m doing right now is making sure that all the changes I made are uploaded. And that last comment you made can be addressed before we start talking. And then I’ll stop this updating stuff. But I’m done. I just need to go on to GitHub and make sure that it’s merged. Because I upload to the develop branch as just kind of a chain of custody safety thing. So it doesn’t like this is easier to not override good work. Accident. It just kind of a good code development practice. I don’t really have to do that. But it’s just a good habit. And if I get out of the habit and I start pushing, luckily, to the main branch one of these days, I’m going to really screw it up. So let’s see. Yeah. Sounds really cool. I’m just wanting to show you I’ll just show you this real quick while you’re doing the. Well, I can’t look at it because I’m typing on another screen, but let me just give me one second. I’m going to give it to you. Yeah. But just give me a few more seconds. Don’t worry We’ll be all set. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the goal really, the goal of it’s kind of a place claim. Like I’ve been saying, I’m trying to replace claim We’re trying to make, first of all, we’re trying to make it very easy for people. Essentially, we’re trying to replace claim because all the tools would be so much money. That’s kind of one of the main things. Yeah. Claim can be hard to work with, especially if you have to use a kiln. But he’s female clay. I know that. I’m just. Well, I just And I know you’re joking, but I’m playing with the website. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for clarifying. Okay. So okay. So let’s go to roll fairy now. I think it should be well, give it. Let me refresh. There we go. Yeah. It should be good. Go to rollfairy.com. And then click the wireframes. And we’ll start at the beginning. Okay. Signals engine. Signals engine. So let me know what let’s go through every single tab so I can either leave it there or remove it or put it somewhere else. And we’ll make a decision about each tab. Because last time we were maybe not we didn’t do that necessarily, so. Or if we did, I don’t remember. I don’t have any notes on it. Yeah. Last time we just kind of spit on. We’re talking about we weren’t focused at all. We were just talking about so many random shit. That’s true. Yeah. We kind of got off on the totally unrelated stuff. We’ll stay on script a little bit. Okay. So let’s start at the signals engine. We’ve got I was in a funny mood last time. I just felt whimsical. But so here we are. We’re on the signals engine screen. Is it you’ve looked at it, I assume? On your own? Yeah. Any thoughts Keep it lose it, move it? I have the idea of finding companies with hiring 10 before the posted job. It’s the same idea of signals. I mean, it’s that’s kind of what we’re what it’s all about in today’s marketing landscape. We’re talking about innovative marketing solutions, which is what I changed my name to instead of coach Dave Marks because this is really what it’s all about now. The innovative marketing solutions all are all signal-based. I mean, here’s just I’m going to share my screen just to prove a point only for a second. Go ahead. We’re going to go back to roll fairy. But this is just an example of signals, right? If I’m trying to find dentists that I’m trying to do marketing, like I’m showing you in this page here, a signal would be well, they’re running ads right now. Right? So if I’m trying to market Coaster Kids Dental and Braces, and Charleston, South Carolina, well, I want to have some kind of signal. Signal would be that we found 22 ads on Google, and then one ad on Facebook. It’s a signal. Okay. That they’re interested in doing some kind of marketing. So I think signal are the future of all marketing. Okay. So going back to roll fairy, We’re just going to look at the website. You don’t need me to share, right? Huh We’re just looking at the website. Nobody needs to share this. We’ll just look at whatever. Okay. Yeah. No, I’m just showing you. I’m just showing you as an example. Cool. Cool. Sure No problem. Just sorry to interrupt. Go ahead. So we’re on the signals engine screen. I’m on the signals engine screen. And so yeah, I don’t know how this is working in the backend, but this is great. We like it The same thing that needs to be changed right now Okay. How about the order of the sequence? Do we like it as a first tab? Yeah. I mean, I think it could definitely work well. I don’t know how it the only thing is I don’t know how to incorporate into the rest of the campaigns. Once we find such a company, it sounds like if it’s in the beginning of the workflow, it could be very-. Time-saving It could be very ambiguous, really, because if we do it, if you’re doing it at the beginning, it’s like it’s good, but it doesn’t know what the resume is, what the preferences are. There’s not really anything about what we want. So it kind of I don’t know. It just sounds very ambiguous. Very ambiguous. You know what I mean? Okay. So maybe it’s not good as the first one. So let’s put a pin in that, if you’ll. Yeah. I mean, I love the idea. Forgive my California expression. We’ll put a pin in that, and we’ll come back to it after we look at some other tabs, and we’ll figure out maybe where to wedge it. Yeah. Okay. Like I’m saying, I think it’s a fantastic idea. I think it’s the future of marketing. I just don’t know if that’s the right spot because it has no other context. It’s just. True. It’s just kind of floating out there in the atmosphere, very ambiguous. Yeah. It’s hard to start a story, halfway through, right? So let’s give it some context by putting it in the right place first. But let’s go ahead and look at the job preferences. Screen. And I just fixed a couple of little things that were errors that were popping up. Oh, okay. Looks good Yeah. Yeah. Looks like you did fix some things. Yeah. Yeah. There was a problem that was created because I was building the actual app, as well. This is not the actual app. This is it looks identical to the actual app, but the actual app has the backend built. So when I was updating it, cursor messed up, and added a backend to the screen, and that’s why we were showing errors because it was trying to connect to the backend and actually load real data in here. So that’s all that was. And you can notice there’s a few more fields as well. Yeah. By the way, I tried to work with cursor. I don’t know. It’s a little bit more difficult than I originally thought it was. Well, it’s just one of those learning curves. It’s kind of a small learning curve, really. I’m depending on what you’re trying to do with it. By the way, it’s not just for code. You can use it for creating all kinds of stuff. PDFs and other documents. Not really images, but it will look at images. So if you give it a screenshot, like some of those screenshots you emailed me, I was able to load them into cursor and say, “Hey, look at the screenshot,” and create a similar screen or whatever. So look at all these fields in the job preferences page, and let’s go through them and see if they make sense. So we have the values. Good The role categories. Oh, we should do more. Role categories. Maybe. Okay. Hold on. So there’s probably an infinite number of role categories. What would be a reasonable number to show here? I mean, at the end of the day, are we trying to focus more I think that we’re trying to focus on a particular skill set, but the reality is. Tech industry kind of Huh Are we tech industry-oriented? Yeah. I mean, look, the reality is I don’t want to work with anything government-based. Or like teachers, because it’s such bullshit. It’s so much bullshit. And it’s like government-focused. I can’t really influence change as much. There’s so much bureaucracy and bullshit and things. What kind of change do you want to influence? Well, if I’m trying to help someone make a career change, yeah. Oh, you want to influence change for the person. Influence change for the person Yeah. Okay. And for example, if you want to be if you’re a teacher and you want to grow in your career, it’s like, well, a lot of teacher salaries are based on property taxes. So it doesn’t matter how good you are. If you’re in a certain location, you’re not going to get any better. You have to go to New York City and go to Westchester, New York, or a place that has really, really high property taxes, and you’re going to be paid more. And it doesn’t really matter. At all. Your skill. It just matters that specifically your property taxes are 50,000 dollars a year. And where’s that money going? It goes into school systems. Because that’s what happens when you pay a lot of money in property taxes. Yeah. So it doesn’t really have anything to do. I can’t really influence change that much. It doesn’t have anything to do with your really skilled at this. You just happen to live in a place where there’s high property taxes. Okay. So if we want to define which role categories we want, we want roles where we can make the most change. So should we have the AI help us define what roles would be the best considering everything you just said? Or should we come up with this based on your understanding of the industry? Or do you want to just send me a list, and I can quickly just paste it in there and be done with it? Or how do you want to do that? I would like to make this really quick. I wouldn’t want to spend too much time on it. I think that the what we have here is pretty good. We could probably. Because these are all pretty much software at least tech industry-oriented kind of. Yeah. There are people who know how to use computers at least, right? Yeah. I mean, what could be also good is the. Sales covers a lot of bases too. The rise of blue-collar work could be a big piece of this too. Yeah. I mean, we do have this job market that’s just kind of our demand is exploding as there’s more layoffs, right? This is going to go from being high demand to kind of an emergency. Right And when you have an emergency, you have insane opportunity, right? So we don’t need to ask which industries because it’s all industries. We don’t need to ask which roles. It’s all roles. But what we want to figure out is what our niche is because it’s kind of like hard to be all things. I know software industry a little, not an expert. I know my jobs. That I’ve had and the types of people I’ve worked with and those roles. Those agile roles, they call them, right, within software teams. So I could list 10 or 20 of them off the top of my head, really quick, of software-type roles that are everything from product managers to project managers to their different executive levels all the way down to they’ve got all these they’ve got the quality testers, right? They’ve got all these different people that work on a software team. They’ve got scrum managers, scrum leaders, right? So they’ve got a lot of folks, and they all do different kinds of stuff. Some of them are more in the planning stuff. Some are more in the code writing part. So that’s the software industry. That’s all I really know very well. Other than the post-service household work there for six years. And then sales is kind of covers a lot of bases. Also, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I agree. And also, I think that it’s good to include cybersecurity. Cybersecurity is huge right now. It’s only getting bigger. All right So I don’t know that we need to exclude anybody outright. We can have another category, right? I don’t think we might want to put on here as recruiters. Because since this app is going to be recruiter-facing, that is one of our user types. I think it’s going to be in front of some recruiters, and they may want to just put that as a role. Because some recruiters may be looking for a job as a recruiter. Right Yeah. And so or career coach. So maybe just some things that we kind of know. And then several broader categories. Because I don’t see the real need in excluding people unless we know we just can’t help them and that our app just doesn’t relate. But honestly, a job is a job when it comes to applying and doing an online interview or any kind of interview. Not all jobs can be done remotely. I mean, our niche could be jobs that are done remotely. Yeah. I don’t know why anyone would want to work anywhere. Honestly. To move. Drive to work somewhere. I mean, they’re. That’s crazy Yeah. I don’t know about you. I hesitate on that because I don’t know about the feasibility of that. I mean, the biggest thing about remote working is the commercial real estate. That’s the biggest issue. But remote working. Commercial real estate. So I don’t know about the feasibility of that. People love remote working, of course, but the feasibility of it from a company perspective, you don’t look at it from the employee perspective. You look from the business owner perspective. A lot of these companies have signed 10, 20, maybe 25-year leases with commercial properties. And they don’t know what’s going on. Yeah, I get it. Feel those desks. Okay. Yeah, I don’t really think we should have an exclusively remote app. Although if we did, it wouldn’t. We would definitely have enough customers but there’s no need to do that. Yeah. I mean, we could just put it as location preference. It shouldn’t be a remote app. Yeah, you’re right Role categories, though. So do we have any thoughts on how to do that? I think we should just put more maybe more stratification in terms of cybersecurity, maybe UI UX, and design. Just more like a little more detail in there. Okay. Like sales, robots, GTM, those type of things. Put it more like categories like that. Yeah. That’s fine. Send me a list. I could send you a list I think. You can have AI help you write it Just send me a list and I’ll update it. Because I mean, this conversation may not be the best list just because we’re kind of free-balling or it’s not the word. Straight, what is it? Shoot, shoot, spitballing. That’s the word. Spitballing. Free-balling is when you don’t wear underwear. We’re spitballing. Yeah, spitballing. All right All right Location preferences, work type is good. Role type. Yeah, I think role type should be more like experience level. Okay. So you might want to put you might want to put. Kind of what that is. User experience. Huh? That’s kind of what role type is, though, because it says VP, director, manager, individual contributor. Yeah. That’s experience level. Yeah. But yeah, maybe give me some more role types and I’ll plug them in if you don’t mind. Or you tell me right now and we’ll just have it in the transcript. Yeah. Yeah. I could put it in right now. I mean, what am I missing there under role type on the job preferences screen? Manager. That’s there. There’s also principal level. I think that we’re missing. Because there’s individual contributor but then there’s technical leadership. A technical leadership or principal level. Okay. Well, I’m a solutions architect. What is that? So you’re a solutions architect. But you’re an architect and you have a team under you? I sort of Yeah. So I create the app and then the devs build it. I design it. I give them a little diagram and some instructions and then break it up into some different tasks and they give it to devs. Usually like three or four devs or whatever. So that’s what I’m saying. You’re probably like that principal level. You’re not necessarily an individual contributor anymore. And you’re not really a manager or director. You’re kind of at that pinnacle of technical leadership. Which doesn’t really have people leadership element. So that’s what I’m trying to say. You’re like a good example of what I’m trying to say. This kind of principal level. Yeah. I was trying to help you figure it out by asking that question. Okay. So okay. Figure it out. Yeah. So role type, I think that really the other question we need to be asking is, do we want to have any entry-level people in this app? He seems to me that you are excluding the largest demographic if you do. If you don’t. But you also realize it’s very hard to market anyone’s experience doesn’t have any experience. So what are we actually marketing if you don’t have any experience? I get what you’re saying. I mean, if you don’t have a resume, what do we have to parse, right? Of course. We have all this sophisticated stuff. And you just created college. You just graduated college. Great. I don’t know It seems like there’s going to be companies that are looking for some entry-level people. They don’t want to pay them shit. So it’s not everybody. It’s not the kind of jobs I’m looking for. I have a master’s degree. But there are people, they need some entry-level people. But I don’t think I think that we kind of have to talk about it because I don’t think this app is for entry-level people, honestly. Yeah. I mean, I don’t really have an argument with you. I’m just thinking about it critically. And trying to figure out if that makes sense or not. So I just don’t understand what’s the benefit of excluding them? I don’t know if there’s a benefit. I just don’t know how effective it will be. That’s the issue I have. I mean, they already know they’re kind of a hard sell. But if we’re approaching companies, and for multiple roles, do those companies have no entry-level roles? Tough situation, man. Either they do or they don’t. If these companies that we’re approaching don’t have entry-level roles, then fine. Exclude the entry-level people. But if we’re approaching a company with seven different roles and one of them is entry-level, why not offer them some entry-level people? Then we only be able to list their education and their soft skills. Right? Yeah. Well, do you really need all this sophisticated stuff that we’re building out for some of the entry-level? No, but it’s income and again, if there’s a potential, if there’s a potential client for them to fill a role, either there isn’t or there isn’t. I certainly don’t want to promise these entry-level people anything if we can’t give them anything. But I’m just, I don’t want you know more than I do. When you look at all the roles available for a given company, do they have entry-level roles or not? If they don’t, then you’re right. If they do, then why include them? They probably do But the way you’re going to get an entry-level role is just someone believing in you, not because you wrote a good email. It’s like, you just have to, at the end of the day, you’re just guessing. You don’t know what the hell’s going on. You think it’s going to be good Who knows? Who’s entry-level? Kind of hard to tell. I don’t know. Let me put it this way. We don’t need to exclude them because they’re not going to be using our app anyways. It’s kind of a non-problem. So what do you do? You have an option for entry-level, and it makes everybody else feel a little bit better about themselves because they don’t have to click that one. Right? And nobody’s, unless there are some rich kid, is going to click entry-level. Right? Anyways, so yeah, it might be a variable that never gets used. But those people aren’t even going to be approaching us because they’re not thinking like, “Ooh, how do I enter this complex job market and get my resume seen?” No, they’re thinking like, “Where is the nearest Taco Bell? And are they hiring?” Yeah. Right Yeah. I mean, There are entry-level people that went to college in haven’t worked yet. Right? At least in their industry. You might be entry-level in this industry. So you worked sales and now you want to move into software and you just got your bachelor’s in computer science and you’re ready to go. Yeah. Right It’s kind of what happens. But those people do have to apply online and they do have to write a cover letter and they do have to reach out. Everybody else, it’s just that maybe they went to Columbia. And now they are going to get their first software job. And all the stuff they’ve done on their own is like making games on their laptop or whatever. Sorry. So role type. Entry-level, senior, and principal. We need to add I feel like. I think I almost feel like we’d use it more energy figuring out how to exclude them than just leave it on there and if they don’t end up becoming one of our customers, who cares? Right Yeah. And shoot, it’s an interesting challenge. I don’t know. Are they going to, it’s the price point thing too. You mentioned the $50 thing. So if you make it at a price point, you do exclude some of these people. Right? Well, $50 then we can join. Yeah. And that’s what I’m saying. So maybe that would be a reason not to put it at 50. Yeah. I mean, I just don’t, I don’t feel confident in my ability to market someone that has no experience. Yeah. Again, they’re not going to bug us because they can’t afford our entry fee. And we have this complex system. They won’t even hear about us. We’re not on their radar. So think about it like this. Is demand goes up because of all these massive layoffs, that increases our value and increases our entry price because we have we can’t service a million people week one. We don’t have the bandwidth. Right? Yeah. So we’re only going to be able to service a limited number of people, whatever that number is. I don’t know what the number is. Probably 100 at most. Even that, we’re going to carry we can’t even handle it at first. Our first couple of weeks. Right? Are we going to be a dozen people? When I told you a little bit about when I had I worked with bands and we were able to keep about a dozen or so booked at once. And then once we got greedy and we started signing up a ton of bands, we couldn’t. We couldn’t keep up with them. And it was kind of disappointing because we had a good idea, but we got greedy and signed up too many people. And then our reputation went to the shitter. So anyways, that’s the same kind of thing. We kind of need to how many people can we keep busy? And so as we expand, we’re going to hire more people and get some other people helping us and getting this out. Yeah. I think that’s the key. That’s definitely the key. Right? Because once we have 10, 15 people and we show that we’re getting money, now the people are going to want to invest and they want to you can get everybody in there. But they just want to see that some money coming in before they put any money in investing things. But yeah, the fact that the demand is already going up, maybe exponentially over the next year, we can probably charge a decent amount for our app. Especially since we’re not even launching until early to mid-2026. Really launching it, aggressively with marketing and everything. So yeah, since we’re not launching this thing until 2026, when we’re guaranteed to have mass layoffs across most industries, especially the tech industry, which is kind of our niche, I think we can probably. Yeah. Well, we really are. Charge a decent amount. Agreed. Agreed. What we really want to do is the client that I have with Jose that you spoke to, he’s the perfect client. He’s like I love working with people like that. He’s a perfect client. Because he’s highly marketable. He’s super confident. He’s been in the same company for many years. It’s like you get people like that. These are great people that look good for us as well as whatever. Right? It is. Did you end up signing him by the way? Yeah. I ended up signing him Yeah. Okay. You’re welcome. Yeah. I appreciate that Yeah. I appreciate that No problem. But I mean, I just told him the truth I was able to definitively say that they’ve we literally set a date when I needed a job by and we met that goal. And I was able to trace back the email chains to work that you’d had me do. And it was clear that you helped me make sure that I had a job on time. I mean, I can’t what else can I say? It’s super positive and I can only say good things. So yeah. It’s perfect. Perfect. But I want more people like that. Because those people are gold. That is to a certain extent, I mean, how I feel is you have to be a little selective of who you actually work with because you want to make sure that they’re going to actually do well. Good That’s true. Well, again, so I guess one way to think of it is that I’m only saying this out loud because I’m just now kind of wrapping my head around it. It’s like we can probably only handle, let’s say, a dozen people just to make up a round number. I don’t know how many people it’s going to be, but let’s say a dozen people. And this was my experience with bands because I remember thinking, “Gosh, when we had 12 bands, they got booked. We would send out the little demo kits and they got booked. Consistently on a weekly basis, they were all happy. They were riding nice online reviews about us and they were super, super happy.” And then my business partner decided to bring in all his people and fill the his whole warehouse filled with little phone booths with people on the phone to sign up new bands. And we flooded MySpace, which was a big deal back then. We flooded MySpace with these little ads for 877 gigs. And we just flooded the phones and we got tons of people calling us, saying, “Book them gigs.” We got hundreds of bands signing up. No real vision and plan on how to handle that. I hadn’t had it in my business degree yet. I was a stupid kid. It was just an idea I had. And he was my funding source. But he got greedy. I got greedy. And now we had way too many bands, way too fast. There’s no way we could keep them all booked. And so a quality of our service has dramatically dropped. And I could see this very similar pattern happening. But let’s say we’re able to keep 12 prospective job seekers consistently getting interviews and happy. And if those are our only 12, then we want to think about what our price point is where that’s profitable for us. Right? So that’s a good thing for us to think about because we can kind of charge as much as we want within reason because of the high demand. So we’re picking. We can kind of select our 12 people out of this growing market that we want to be our clients charge a little extra and get a little bit more thing. Because we’re not trying to sign up 1,000 people. We’re trying to sign up 12 very, very happy job seekers. And that’s what we’re going to tell all our clients. Yeah. I agree. I agree with you. And everyone keeps telling me, “Oh, just get 1,000 people.” Here’s my people as you can. Just flood Just get as many people Everyone says that. And it’s like, “No.” Because we’re not fly-by-night like thieves. Yeah. And building this app is taking a lot of thought. It’s a lot. This is months of work of us talking one week, seven basically. Right? I’m calling this what we kind of were a little bit fuzzy on the last couple. But we’re going to call this week seven meeting is how I’m naming it for my own organization. And this will be a week seven transcript. And there’ll be week seven work associated with it. Right? So we’re almost done with month two. Right? And I don’t know how many more months it’ll be till we have an app that we’re actually putting in front of people. Right? But however many more weeks that is. So there’s a few months going into just the conception of this thing. So if we do this whole tear up the town, kind of just burn everybody, kind of philosophy, sure, we can just kind of drop the idea. But we spent months developing this idea. You know what I mean? It’s sort of like, what’s the point? I’m not creating this to rip off 1,000 people of their $200. What’s the point It’s not a good business model. What you do is you create something really valuable. And it lasts. And then we become the next Microsoft of. I think it has the potential to do that. I really, really do. I think it’s a solid idea. It’s not just a sales pitch. Yeah. I mean, there’s so many slick salespeople just selling AI. Right now. And that’s what people are seeing now. But there’s a lot of slick salespeople that just sold AI solutions. And then now they’re looking at the solutions. And they’re like, “None of this is actually working.” Yeah. They just sold us a dream. This is what some people are doing. And they probably had AI write the sales pitch. They had AI build the app. They had AI reach out to the person. They just said, “Create AI sales pitch.” I mean, that’s kind of yeah. You got to just be able to differentiate the quality. There’s quality. There’s good ideas. And then there’s just AI slop. Let’s go through the rest of these before we get too off base here. We’re still in the first page here. That’s okay. But no, it’s good. So we think we were talking about role types. We don’t want to exclude the entry-level people because there’s just I don’t see a point in it. It’s not because we don’t need to be afraid of them. If they want to give us a lot of money, we’ll be creative and we’ll find them a job. But this app really isn’t for them, like you said. I just don’t see the need to exclude them. Because maybe there is a way to find them a job. I don’t know. You know more about it than I do. My point is why. Why even bother excluding anybody? Again, we’re trying to sign up a dozen people to be our first people, I think. Something like that. I mean, do you want them to be a dozen? It could probably be a. Or whatever. Something that feels like a dozen. 20. 10. Probably not 50. I can’t even think about what 50 looks like. That’s a lot of. Yeah. I would probably be 20 or 15. Just because the numbers make it easier. Yeah. On that level. Mathematically, right Calculator I wouldn’t. 12 is a hard number to kind of play with. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let’s do 20. So 20 is top 20 or our 21st customers. Yeah. And then we can calculate percentage of success a lot easier. So we have if 10% of them are happy, or 10% of them are disgruntled. Right? Then we have to deal with what? Two people? Yeah. Exactly. So we have two bad reviews. Probably 250 is actually perfect. 250 $20 20 people and 250 a month. Okay. $5000 a month. All right Which we then have to split and then spend whatever proportion of that on continued we’re just going to split everything 50/50. Right? Yeah. It’s just easier And it feels fair. And I mean, most of the ideas are yours. And most of the development’s mine. So we’ll just do 50/50. And that just makes sense to me. It’s also a lot easier to think about. And a lot easier The math is easy too. Right? Just split everything. It is like little expenses come up We’ll talk about if they’re even worth splitting. If it’s something small, I won’t bother you about it. But if it gets into the hundreds of dollars or something, I’ll be like, “Hey, can you help me with this?” That hasn’t come up yet. But we’ll cross that bridge. So yeah. So 20 times 250 is 5,000. So that’s 2,500 a month apiece. But that’s not just income. That’s not profit. So there might be some expenses. Ideally, I think that I’d like to have more. But I think that the most someone would pay would be 250, 300. I think that would be in terms of expandable income. Yeah. And when you’re unemployed, you don’t have that. You’re kind of figuring out where you’re going to come up with that 250. Maybe you have some savings. Maybe you have some parents. And they understand the value. Maybe you have you can borrow it because you know it’s once you find a job, if you have faith that this app will help you find it, you’ll be able to pay it back soon enough. Right? 250 is not crazy. The $4000 that for your services was I would just considering like, “Okay. So if I do this by myself and I don’t have a job in three months, my whole world goes to shit in such a bad way.” Right? So all my freaking creditors, kill me. I’m in so much trouble if I don’t have a job in three months. So I needed to find a job. So I was like, “Well, shit. There’s a consequence here of, okay, I can make payments. Great. So now that I can make payments, then it may become like, okay, so yeah, this is going to hurt a little.” Right? But it’s still something I could commit to. And then anyways, you know the rest of the story. Yeah. I think 250 is probably a reasonable number. If you go 300, it’s only 6,000. It’s not that. I mean, it’s 3,000. 3,000, which is nice. But 250, I think, is what most people can afford. I feel pretty good about that price point. 250 And then we have to split it. And then when we split it, it’s going to be used for whatever. You might have expenses. Right Yeah. I mean, honestly, the way to do this is probably just to put it back into the business. If we make, let’s say, 3,000 let’s say we make 5,000, 250, 20 people. That 250 is probably going to go back into the business for all the costs and everything. And then that allows us to get more customers. Yeah. So but let’s just say we split it in terms of I’m not talking about lining my pockets. I’m talking about splitting it for so you marketing mostly. Right? Mm-hmm. So that includes your time. And also your marketing expenses. And if I’m taking my portion and using it for all the backend services that involve AI that costs money, like tokens, and my time, basically, it does go back into the business. And it gets invested as needed in order to think in order to keep this thing growing. Right? Maybe we should have some money that just kind of stays there. Yeah. And the account kind of thing. Yeah. That way, each new month when I was starting at zero, so if all expenses were just I spend my expenses and keep the rest, you spend your expenses and keep the rest, then we’re starting at zero every month. And then maybe harder for us, especially if we’re trying to grow and turn this into something that can scale to 1,000 people. Right? And future months. Right? Mm-hmm. So we may want to think about how that works, not because I’m worried about trust or anything. I just want to make sure it makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. It is good to have a pool of money. So maybe it’s like the 250, then I mean, 300 we could do too. I think 250, 300 would be reasonable. 250 is probably easy. But I mean, either way, the bottom line is let’s say it’s 2,500. It’s like half of that, let’s say, goes to expenses, half of that goes to our pockets. And I’m happy to work. Okay. Well, those are details we can resolve. But I think we’re on the same page as far as how we want to manage it. And it’s good that we talked a little bit about it. So we have some idea. And then we’ll just figure out the details later. But that’s the general concept: 250, 300 probably in that ballpark makes sense. We probably can do that because, again, we only need a dozen people in the beginning to mark it’s growing. We’ll find those people. We could probably take two months to find our first dozen customers. Maybe less. Depending. And then just nail home the value. Drive home the value so that it makes sense to anyone. Right? Yeah. That’s probably going to exclude the entry-level people anyway. So we don’t need to make it obvious that we’re excluding them. To me, it just seems less intuitive that way. But I’m open to it. I’m not stuck on that. All right. Let’s go finish our job preferences page. So we talked about work type. I don’t even see remote on here. Although it’s not actually, it’s all. It’s up there. You go up. You go up. It’s location preferences. Remote, hybrid, onsite. Okay. There it is. Yeah. So work type: full, part-time, contract, and then freelance. There’s also so there’s they always I always get these Indian guys. They’re like, “W2.” Or 1099. And then they’ve got multiple types of 1099, one where they pay you after two weeks, one where they don’t pay you for six weeks or some shit. I’m like, “What is this?” So yeah. They’ve got that. You know what I’m talking about. Right? Yeah. Too well. All right Well, it doesn’t matter. I think that those categories are probably fine until someone tells us, “Where is my category?” It’s mostly going to be Indians. Hey, man. If they want to pay, it’s 250. I mean, yeah. I mean, like I said, I got a lot of people I’m reaching out to. It’s mostly Indians. Mostly Indians. By the way, do are we limited to people who work visas and stuff? Or? Oh, yeah. We actually can only work with people that have a green card or U.S. citizenship. Okay. I’m not working with anyone that doesn’t have that. It creates this whole other thing. Right? I’m not working with anyone that doesn’t have a green card, permanent resident, or U.S. citizen. Yeah. I feel you. There’s this guy this lady that’s trying to get me to get her brother a job. And it’s so much harder because you have to find a job that hires people from India. And he lives here. But his paperwork is where it’s at. And it’s kind of like. Yeah. Well, the other big thing is the other thing that I have on my side that you don’t know or you don’t know about is I’ve worked with Moody’s and I know the entire immigration process. Is I’ve worked with people to do that. So I understand that full immigration process because I’ve worked at companies that do that. And I am not going to get involved in it at all. Yeah. It sounds like a lot of extra stuff. And the value again, we’re looking for our 12 prime customer targets. Right? We’re not. And those people who are going to work for us. We work with our system. And actually, get jobs so that they can give us good reviews. Not people that are going to be so impossible that we make lofty promises to that are going to write us a terrible review and like, “Role Ferry is fake.” And then we have to deal with the bad review that’s stuck there forever. And Yelp or whatever. Yeah. Okay. So job search status. I’m skipping. Okay. So we got in. Job search status. Yeah. Well, there’s the industries. Industries. It’s all super software-oriented. We can add stuff. I don’t want to do too much healthcare. No I’ll tell you what I don’t want to do Take one, man. By the way, there’s software people in healthcare. In fact, they have a. Oh, industry. No. Industry is okay. But I mean, I don’t want to work with nurses. Yeah. I just heard that nurses were declassified or something as an official career trajectory or something. Did you hear about that? I heard something. My wife said something to me today. I don’t know. I haven’t looked into it in half the stuff she tells me. I have to fact-check. But yeah. It’s interesting. I don’t know what that’s about. Well, I mean, it’s just like the I mean, I think we should probably be more niched, honestly. Okay. I think that we should probably be niched within the fields that I’ve worked in. I mean, I have a list of fields I’ve worked within. Mental healthcare, you mentioned Yeah. Mental healthcare is also industry. Industry. Industry is fine. But role category, I think that we should do more. Going back up to role categories. Okay. Yeah. We’re talking about role categories because industry doesn’t matter as much as it’s role fair. I mean, we’re talking about roles. We’re not talking about industry. It’s not industry fair. It’s role fair. So role categories is really the main piece. Do you want to just add a whole bunch? What’s that Do you want to just kind of shotgun approach with a whole bunch of roles and then we’ll thin them out as we go? So we’ll start with a really long list of roles. And then as we like, “No, let’s not work those people. Remove that role. Remove that role. Remove that role.” And then just leave another. I think the thing is I’ve done all the market research to know which roles I do well with and ones I like best. I’ve done this a lot already. That’s why you’re the that’s why you’re kind of designing this whole thing. Yeah. I’ve done this a lot already in terms of what roles I think are going to be the best. I did a presentation on it. Let’s see. I have it here. People. What I don’t want is for half the people who try to use our app to be on here and be like, “None of those?” You know what I mean? Yeah. And I don’t want our app to look incomplete because it’s only got a few roles. And they are expecting 10 other roles that they thought would be on there. Well, we do want to be technology engineering, marketing, sales, data analytics, AI, ML. Procurement Logistics. Product, program, project managers. RevOps. Yeah. Okay. We could also work with it really has to be somewhat service-oriented. So we can also work with finance people. Accountants and that sort of thing. Financial planning and analysis. We could also do we could do that finance and that side of things. That’s pretty much it. That’s really the roles that I have in mind. Okay. Well, I’ll add all those. And we’ll just have a few others that are a little bit broader. Because I don’t want to our first impression on the market is that we’re excluding we’re somehow an incomplete app. That’s all. But we’ll focus on the ones we’re used to focusing on. And honestly, we have a lot of control. Since we’re the ones reaching out and trying to acquire new customers and get that 250 bucks from them. Right? We know who we’re reaching out to. It’s not going to be an accident who signs up. Right? So. I mean, it’s not going to be an accident. I mean, a couple might be a referral. So we have some control over who’s joining us. And even if there’s roles on there that don’t suit any of our customers, it may provide a sense of completeness that without it would be kind of like, “This app’s not complete.” Just my thoughts. Okay. So industries. Again, same thought as I think feel like this is a very, very tech. Yeah. Industries, I’m wide open on industries. Because any industry that has these roles, it’s going to be good. Yeah. So we need to add two or three times more industries. Yeah. I think that industries need to be much, much more because. 10 times. Industries. Yeah. 10 times. Yeah. Correct. Correct. Okay. Then under skills, we’ve got it’s all software languages. Okay. We just hired developers, apparently. Okay. So we’re going to need more skills than just software languages. In fact, we may want fewer software languages and just software. As a skill. Although. Yeah. You might just be able to just add just we might just be able to just put something with add for skills. What’s that We might This might be just user-. Oh, you mean field. Well. You don’t even have to fill this in. Yeah. I mean, some of these other ones may also you want to do a fill when in work values may not list everything they want. And we may want to add a work value. A little field. So other value. And then have a little field. And then other role category. Because maybe theirs is listed, but they didn’t know it was called that. So they list another thing. Which doesn’t hurt them. And then they have a role type. It’s like, “Well, I’m blah, blah, blah. I’m a solutions architect. Where does that go on the role type?” So then they type that. And then company size probably doesn’t need an extra thing because we already covered everything from 0 to 1,000 plus. By the way, is that are those company sizes what you would put? Yeah. Because you’re going to it’s easier to it’s easier to create change in those smaller companies. Okay. But 1,000 plus is a high enough number for the plus? I think I mean, you can put as high as maybe 5,000. Okay. So we’ll do an extra category. We’ll have a 1,000 to 5,000. And then a 5,000 plus. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we really don’t want to put I mean, honestly, how I see it, Oliver, is what I’m really trying to do is take people from a company size that’s like 5,000 plus into a smaller company. Yeah. Because for the most part, it’s the giant companies like Amazon, and Walmart that are laying off the people. That’s true. So it’s really going to be from like 5,000 employees plus is where we’re going to take all the talent. We’re going to place them in a smaller company like what we see here, a company size. It also seems to me, since a lot of people are getting laid off, it’s going to create this effect where people are creating their own businesses because they have this time now. And then they’re going to be hiring. And then there’s going to be all these little companies that kind of pop up because now they have AI to handle a lot of the stuff that it’ll shorten that barrier to entry. So now to create a business as much easier since they have all the know-how kind of and they can just ask GPT, “How do I do this? How do I do that? How do that?” And now they have a business. And then it seems like a lot of businesses are going to start popping up. And they’re going to be a lot of businesses that are hiring experts and stuff. And anyways, yeah. That’s what I mean. I don’t know if we should even put anything higher than 1,000 employees. To be honest with you. Okay. Well, then we’ll just leave it Industries, we’re going to blow that up by 10 times. Skills, obviously, we need more than just software languages listed here. So maybe make it what types of skills do we want? We want? I think that we should just put in I don’t know. Honestly, probably takeout skills. You know what I mean? Just take out the whole freaking thing. Okay. Take out the list and then just put a field. Yeah. Just put a lot of them to put their skills. Okay. We shouldn’t have to waste our time on that. By the way, LinkedIn, I think calls it skills. And then they have things like this where you click your skills. And it’s got everything from presentations to I don’t know. Everything. Every kind of software. Every kind of whatever. But yeah. Yeah. Anyways, yeah. Yeah. So skills, I would even say just take all the stuff out and just allow people to put their own skills in there. All right They can put it. They can put it in. Yeah. There’s kind of an infinite number of skills. There’s an infinite. I mean, you could also call them 10 different things too. Right? Yeah. So each skill, I mean. Okay. Go by different names. So yeah, you’re right. You could never be comprehensive enough. So might as well not even put anything. Or it could be an AI field. An AI field Yeah. So they start typing. And then it gives them some suggestions. Yeah. That’s cool too. Let me start typing your skills. And then it will fill it in as they go. That’s cool. That’s cool. And then, of course, they’re going to like the suggestions like, “Oh, yeah. I should say that I do that.” Anyways. All right. So job search status. So they’ll be actively looking. They’re open to opportunities. Or they’re not actively looking. Why are they on our app? So yeah. Is there another category that I missed in here? No. No. And then there’s state. And I guess is there anything else that we need on the job preferences page? No. Okay. Are you sharing your screen here? I’m sharing my screen of the real scenario. Oh, okay. That’ll be easier Okay. So I guess you can save preferences. Click save. It’s on the bottom. There you go. Saving. Oh, look. The save value preferences. Oh, fine. All right. It saved them. It looks like it’s saving. Lucky. Oh, I don’t know. Is that what it does on mine too? Let me go back. It just says saving. I don’t know. There you go. Saved them. All right. Oh, maybe it did save it Oh, okay. It did. All right. It did save it. Okay. Next. Your profile. All right. So by the way, is that a refreshed screen? Hmm Do you like a control shift R or something? Or control F5 or whatever. Just a refresh. Make sure it’s a hard refresh because they just pushed some changes. I did what’s it called? Okay. On that one, yeah. Okay. Whatever. All right What page Yeah. Next page. Sorry. So for originally, this is what I was saying in the email. So upload a resume. It’s not really going to look at it. But just upload something. So it’ll do the interactive little thing. Yeah. Understood Understood this time here. So this is what email sent you. You got the job tracker. You got a description page. This email sent you that 2 hours ago. But the main thing about the resume page is right here. The five aspects. That’s what I’m calling it nowadays. Calling it the five aspects. It’s almost like in Buddhism, we talk about things like they eat wings. The five aspects. Anyway the point is these five aspects are really important. And I think that when we go to this page on welfare, which is the your profile page, after you upload your profile, you load your resume, it should have oh, it does do that Okay. Yeah. Sorry There’s some change that I hadn’t pushed to the repo in a while. So I’m sorry about that. So now it looks like it’s doing it correctly. Is it So is that what you wanted Are the fields that you want there? Or are there some other things I should add? So that is Alex Johnson guy, senior software engineer. It’s got. I just want the five aspects: key metrics, business challenge solved, notable accomplishments, oh, you’re missing length of time at company. Okay. What’s the other one Positions. The length of time the positions were held and then the position is held. Is education on there Certificates? Oh, work experience. Yeah. But what about education? Work experience is there. Yeah. Education is there. Work experience is there. Certifications would be a good one, right? Certifications, yeah. Certifications could be cool too. And then oh, there’s that skills thing again. Again, it’s just listing software. Whole system design is broader than just software. And so is agile methodology, which just means you know how to work on a software team. Yes. Okay. But the importance of so over here, work experience, you have the title, and this. But I really just want it to be like a number, like the length of time positions were held. Okay. So it’s like if it’s 2019 to present, just six years. Do you want a two-column card? So on the work experience card, it has one column for years, or time, or duration? Yeah. Yeah. Because these are all variables too. Essentially, because if you look at if you look at any of these things, like it’s a key metrics, or business challenge of solved, those are going to be what’s sent to the pain point match section. Yeah. It’s a differentiator. So if you have 10 years experience, you’re a different applicant than if you have two years experience, right? You’re very more qualified. So yeah, maybe that could be like under work experience, maybe above work experience, it could be like years experience. And then under there, it has like specific experience. Or I’ll just leave it work experience because it’s familiar. But then like years experience would be like a separate little card, years experience. Yeah. Okay. I guess Yeah. That makes sense. But I can see why that would be important. It’s like the primary metric. They always are all these applications are like, “Must have 10 years experience in AI.” I’m like, “It’s barely been around that long.” Yeah. It’s like, you did this is good And then the variables that are used are just the names here. Like business challenge solved, notable accomplishment, key metrics, years of experience, education. Those are the variables. Okay. How about the variables we have there? Do those make sense? Or do we need different variables? The variables that we have here are not useful. Yeah. So available variables from this step need to be more comprehensive to cover all of the cards that are present on this page. Correct. And again, we are looking at the page where you upload your resume. It’s called what’s it called again? You’re at your profile. Your profile. All right Fair enough. All right So I think we mentioned the more variables thing last time. But maybe the AI gods will pay attention. What is this? I’m not speaking. Okay. That was weird. So this is missing the Johnson tracker. Johnson Johnson tracker. Huh Refresh. Hold on one second Where is the link to the job search tracker? All right It’s not called job search tracker. What’s it called? The job tracker. Yeah. So it’s accessed from the it’s accessed from the context research page, which is step six. See if it’s there. The access to the content? Context research page, which is supposed to be step six. Access research content. Different job tracker. Is it there Huh So it just moved it right It looks like it. There it is. Yeah. I guess it found a new place for it. Huh. So we can talk about whether or not that’s a good place. But let’s go back to our little job descriptions page and look at it. Well, the previous thing you had here, it’s cleaner. True. Then, okay, we did that better. This looks better. And then you were saying that we have the same opportunities over here. And I like that you sort by date and sort by grade. Yeah. You got to sort by something, right? Yeah. Yeah. What’s that? I need your help with our children. Oh. Well, I can’t. I know But as soon as you’re done, please help. Okay. Can I But yeah. Sorry So we have your grade. We should probably put you in instead of shoot in. Actually, E. What is that shoot in? Is that what I got? Hold on a sec. I’m just going to have to settle this thing right now. Is that if we always thought so is shoe in or shoe? I always thought it was like have your foot in the door, right? Shoe in. Shoe in yeah. Not like this sounds like Chinese. Like a shoe. Yeah. What the heck is shoe in Where did that come from? I don’t know It’s like S-H-O-E. Yeah. That’s what I thought I’m looking it up. I got to know. We have a bunch of people over right now downstairs. Do you I mean, just yeah, not like the most social guy. So I’m good with being up here. But yeah, it’s like a bunch of family. Well, then it is S-H-O-O. Let me share. Share my—where is this? Where’s the share button? Oh, there it is. Share. Come on Don’t do that to me. Computer’s crashing on me. Okay. Am I sharing There it is. Yeah. She is a shoe in for the presentation for the promotion. Right? Why shoe? It comes from the idea of shoeing something along. Like shoeing a horse toward the finish line. Who ever heard of that? But these are all. Oh, and ChatGPT is giving you bullshit right now. She is a shoe in for the promotion of anything to make it its way. Should we do it wrong? It’s shoe in ChatGPT. But it isn’t. Shoe is only get involved if you’re literally putting shoes on something. It’s not Wow Yeah. That’s wrong It’s not wrong. We just didn’t know. So the question is, do we find another expression? Do we do it the correct way? Or do we do it the way that others think it’s correct? And then the ones who know better are going to think we’re dumb. Well, talk about it in terms of if you’re a shoe salesman, what is the metal piece that they use when they’re trying to get a shoe in the shoe? The metal piece that they use. It’s like a—it’s a shoe in. I mean, I always thought it was like having your foot in the door. I thought it was like the same idea. I think it’s the same idea. She’s a shoe in She has her foot in the door as like she’s—but we’re both wrong. It’s S-H-O-O. So the question is, do we make it wrong because we think other people are dumb like us? Or do we think of a different expression so that we don’t have to mess with people’s—they’re going to—some people are going to know better, and they’re going to think we’re dumb. So who do we cater to The people that we think think like us? Might be most people? Or we might just be the two dumbest people on the planet, and everyone else knows better? I don’t know. We’re just taking out them. If it’s this confusing, just take it out. Yeah. I think it’s not worth this time at all. You need to move on. All right. We’ll find another word. Hey, AI transcript. We can’t use shoe in because everybody’s confused about whether it’s S-H-O-O or S-H-O-E. So we’re just going to not talk about it anymore. We have other things to do with our client. Yeah. All right Moving on. I’ll figure that out. Later. Yeah. Just the easiest to obtain. All right. So pain point match. So okay. So now we have pain point match. Now we go to pain point match. It should really just be a copy and paste of what was in the profile section. Right Because the resume is consistent, but the job description changes. So when it says key metric here is da, da, da, da, we don’t want to fabricate a lie. We want to—so the profile is consistent. So let’s see. We go here. Do this. It’ll resume. When it says here is like 37.5% revenue increase, Google 29 to 275 million, right? That’s what it says on the screen. This should just match up whatever it says on this screen because this is the constant. Or what it says over here on the pain point match. 39 is matching up one of the. So the key metrics should be carried over to the pain point match. So whatever is displayed on the key metrics for both the mock data and the app needs to be displayed on the pain point match because the key metrics is what we’re trying to match, right? Yeah. We’re matching up the key metrics that the resume already presents. With the job description. Okay. So the job description is dynamic. But the resume is static. And what makes it a pain point for the company? How do we know if it’s pain point for them? It’s said from the job description. So let’s just get a job description. Jobs. It’s a job. Here’s the senior director. Okay. This is a good example. Let’s do this. So turn this down a step. And then job description And the pain point, the pain points are what the job description is saying, right? So pretty much I would say take what’s required and you look at that and you take responsibilities. You look at that and then you add on to the AI analyze your responsibilities for the job and the required section of the qualifications. And then from there, it decides what the pain point is. Okay. Okay. Sounds like a plan. That’s what I would do. So like here. Perfect. Perfect point is right here. Like these two perfect points. Developing predictive models for manufacturing operations. Including OEE. Optimization and quality prediction. That is perfect pain point. Creating capacity planning and operations planning modules. Optimize resource allocation and production scheduling. Perfect pain point. Gotcha. Okay. That’s what they need. They need someone to develop those things. Yeah. That’s fine. That’s why the position exists, right? Fair enough. Okay. Let’s move on Yeah. So I would just say the back end of understanding it if you need some kind of back end. Every job description should be analyzed specifically in the responsibility section. And the qualification section. And from there, you’ll find out what the pain points are. And then you match that up with the what’s on the resume. Gotcha. So basically what you’re saying is on the pain point match, instead of text like scaling infrastructure, need to scale back infrastructure to handle 10 times traffic growth, it should have a side-by-side item from a job description and an item from the metrics on the extracted from the resume. So we’re matching side-by-side job description bullet points and metrics bullet points from resumes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And then that’s like templated. So it could be it’s an email variable. So it’s just like you take a section from job description, take a section from the resume, and voila. Voila. There you go. That seems like it makes sense. And again, we hear variables to match. Yep So whenever there’s a field heading that field heading should be trackable to a variable so that the variable can then be transferred into an email in some form. Even if it requires additional processing before becoming a sentence in the email somewhere. Yeah. So like challenge one would be whatever they find in the job description. And then the solution and the key metric, those two are directly related back to the resume section. Because the problem essentially to make it very, very simple, the problem is job description. The solution is candidate resume. Okay. All right We can move on I think unless you have anything else for this page. No. That’s what needs to be changed on that page. Pain point one is this challenge one. Pain point two is this challenge two. So I think that’s the main thing. I mean, client intelligence, we kind of got it correct. Okay. I take a quick glance. Let me what happens when you click save briefing? Hello And regenerate briefing? Oh, we do need a quick company. There’s no company picker in this one. Oh, okay. On the left-hand side of the client. And what’s the URL for that? Context research Context research. Okay. So for the context research, do we want the do we want it to be context research? Do we want it to be client intelligence? We shouldn’t have two different names for it. It’s going to be hard to talk about. Context research. Company research. Company research Company research. So change both the name of the URL and the heading from client intelligence or context research to company research. All right. Got it. And we can also put the signals here. I’m going to get sold real quick. But we could find signals in news. That’s where it should go. Okay. So the signals thing that we have is number one should be numbered like seven? Yeah. That’s where the signals engine could live. So did you want the signals engine on this page for the context research or the company research? I think that is I think that would be best. Or did you want it after It’s the ambiguous content research. It’s like So it’s either its own thing on the page that comes before or after it, or it’s on this page? What do you prefer? Probably better just all on page. Okay. So on the company research page, previously known as the scroll up. Previously known as the client intelligence screen. Or the context research is now company research, and it’s going to combine all the content from the signals screen and it’s going to put it on here somewhere. That makes sense. Do we want it above this content, or do we want it below it? I think above is good So before you see the client briefing, and the company overview, and the buying signals, and those other fields, above it, you want all the content from the signals which is currently the first link on the homepage there. Yeah. Okay. All right It’s pretty straightforward. Yeah. All right Good. And then summary job trackers after this. So I don’t know about that. It doesn’t even have its own tags. That’s kind of strange that it’s there. Yeah. So job trackers should probably have its own tab. Yeah. Okay. So job tracker needs to be one of the stepping stones. And since signals is going to be gone, the signals rock can go away. And that’s still the same number of rocks, same number of stepping stones. Yeah. Right? 12. And then job tracker, we like it here after the last screen, after the company research. I like job tracker right after job description. Okay. Again, job descriptions you click it and then it says client profile. So do we want it client profiles or job descriptions? Job description Okay. So replace the heading at the top of the page when you click job descriptions, it should say job descriptions not client profiles. The heading needs to be consistent with the button name or we’re going to have a really hard time talking about this app. It’s very confusing. Okay. Also, the job tracker that we built originally was a little more robust than this was. Okay. Well, this is just a wireframe. Again, this is just to kind of test out the concept. So the app itself is what we really need to worry about. But in terms of robust, what is it missing? Oh, last time when we we had a button to move it to the next section. Remember? We did this. Remember? That’s right You couldn’t move it. The button on the last one. So each of the little cards under each category you could move it over. And for some reason, that functionality was gone. So it is wish list. Was it there last time or have you seen that before? Yeah. It seems like it’s changed this. I don’t know why it did it, but it’s changed this way it looks. Okay. So you can add a job. You can add a wish list, applied. Yeah. Wish list No, it’s not I don’t know if we just called it save. Save jobs. It wasn’t called wish list. Okay. So instead of the heading wish list on the job tracker screen, we wanted to say saved. And we want each of the cards and each of the columns to have a button that allows you to move it to the next column up. And what should that button say? It should just be an arrow or should it be like upgrade or move to next column or? Move to next stage. Move to next stage. Yeah. Upstage maybe. Okay. Or move up. Yeah. Move to next stage or whatever. Move to next stage. Okay. All right. So move to next stage. Tiny button in the corner of each little job that will then move it to the next column and allow us to take it through the whole process. Okay. Yeah. I don’t know where those buttons went. I guess it just decided it didn’t like them there. Yeah. AI is already taking over. Okay. So yeah. Okay. Do we like the other column names, applied, interviewing, offer, and then reject it? Yeah. Reject it is a pretty harsh word, but let’s keep it real. Reject. Rejection happens. All right Find a decision makers. Now what is this URL at the top? What’s in the page name of the page? On contact. Yeah. So do we like find a decision makers or do we like find contact? Find select decision makers that sound a little more fancy. So let’s just change the name of this file to decision hyphen makers HTML. The button can stay find. We can actually, for the button, it could just say decision makers. I think find is implied. Is that reasonable? Yeah. So the button text for the decision maker button can just be decision makers. Same thing on the home screen. It can just be like decision makers. And then on the heading, it can stay, I guess, I don’t think the word find, it just seems obvious, right? So we don’t need the word find or select. Just be like what does it say right now? Well, it says find contact. So instead of find contact, just put decision makers. And that will be both the button name for the home button on this screen on the main wireframe whatever it’s called. Screen. And then yeah. Okay. So I’m just saying stuff out loud so the transcript hears me. Okay. There’s no variables for this stuff. You don’t need to have any variables. Okay. Remove the variables from the bottom of the decision makers screen. Remove all the variables. Yeah. Okay. Well, we’re actually done with the variables. So none of these pages should say variables on the bottom, right? Okay. Okay. So we don’t need available variable from this step on the next screen, which is offer creation. Offer creation. Okay. Yeah. Pretty much we just need variables for. Anything leading up to the email. Yeah. Yeah. Your profile, job descriptions, pain point manager. What we need a lot more complete variables so that when we generate this email, it has everything. Yeah. Because signals I think is going to be part of context research. And yeah, actually, it’ll just be your profile, job description, pain point manager, and context research. That will have all the variables. Those four. By the way, when it generates this email, do you think it should take like all the variables? Right? Is the first step and plug them into like one oversized email with like TMI, right? And then take it and it’s the second AI process. Make it more succinct and like mold it into like a nice comprehensive email with like just the best of the best. Or do we want more of a template thing where it’s like hi, Jim, variable, I like this, variable, here’s what I do, variable, I’ve done this, variable, that’s why it’d be good for your company, which does this, variable, kind of like template style? Or should we have it take this big long thing with all the variables plugged in and this big hodgepodge of like every possible thing that we could include in an email and then just squish it down into like a nice succinct little email? Template or AI process, I guess, is the simpler way to ask. I don’t know I think probably both. We have to see what people like. That’s more what people like, honestly. Because it can be very verbose and obnoxious. Or it can be like clean and like, oh, nice email. I don’t know From my own experimentation, it seems like something a little bit nicer. I mean, I’m open. Yeah. Maybe we’ll provide them like verbose option. And then they can look on them side by side and be like, succinct option. Yeah. I mean, that’s really up to them. The reason we have to do it that way is because we’re doing this at scale. And that the reason why we do it through variables is because then when we scale it, every email will be personalized. That’s why we like to do it through the email variable way. Yeah. Also, they’re going to be able to edit it either way. Yeah. Whichever they pick the verbose or the succinct option, they’re going to be able to go on and erase and type and fix and they can craft their emails how they want to. All right. Are we going to look at this page a little bit, talk about it? Yeah. I think I just want to communicate that the only because all of these have all these pages have variables at the end. If we look at it, it’s like this one has variables. Yeah. Offer creation has variables. Compose. Yeah, compose should have one on the right side. That’s good. And campaign. Okay. So yeah. So pretty much just take the variables out of find contact and offer creation. Yeah. Because that’s where they’re going to be digesting the variables. Well, you’re not going to find contact and use any variables from here? I can’t think you might use the variable as in find contact. You’re right. Yeah, because it’s kind of important to know who they are and what they do and all that stuff. Yeah. So maybe yeah. So you would have a contact. At the bottom, it says decision maker name, decision maker title, decision maker company. It’s a little redundant. Maybe decision maker favorite style. I don’t know. Is it something about them that says something about what they do and how they? Yeah. There’s actually, yeah. Like something about them. Actually, you know what? Now that we’re doing this, we can do we might as well do it the right way. Seems like the emails I was writing were like I was looking at their LinkedIn profile and actually pulling something about them that was like they might find that actually looked at their page for more than 10 seconds. Yeah. I think that if we’re going to do this the right way, it should probably be okay, you have your company research, right? Which is your first section here that I’m showing now. Yeah. And then you have your contact research. Yeah. Yeah, that was the original idea, right? We’re trying to reach out to people and people aren’t just a job title. They have activities they do. Usually, when it would look at their LinkedIn, it would find something that was interesting, like I enjoyed your recent post that you wrote about this or that. Yes, exactly So I think that we need to change that. I’m also a writer of books on weirdness or whatever. And that relates to that or sometimes tell if they’re like witty or have like commentaries. Yeah. You’re right Their LinkedIn activity. So it should probably research LinkedIn activity. Yes. No, you’re 100% right 100% right. So yeah. So I think that you’re right. And I think that what should this should really say is contact research and company research. And then within that it’s like looking at your LinkedIn profile and then talking about some book or. Because ChatGPT will do that If you put their LinkedIn, like URL, it’ll like look them up and tell you stuff. So maybe just put that in. Just like put LinkedIn URL is one of the pieces here. Yeah. A lot of times I just put in their URL for LinkedIn and it like tells me all kinds of stuff about them. Yeah. We want to make that process easier for them. That’s what this point of that is for. Yeah. And to do that scale. So instead of find it’s like decision maker, it’s decision maker context. And then it’s got interesting facts about this person. And it’s going to be different for everybody. Some people just talk about their cats. I’m going to be like, hey, I got a cat named Henry too. What are the odds? Yeah. Well, yeah. All right Shoe in Stupid shoe in. All right. You’re human. This is human. You’re human for the position now because you brought that cat named Henry. Yeah. You’re human. All right So how are we doing here? Are we going to move on? Yeah. So we’re going to for variables, it’s going to be their name, their title, their company, but also their interesting facts. And it should probably be like three interesting things about them. And then when the customer, the client is going through and editing the email, they’ll be like, I want to talk about their this or that. I’d rather focus on this funny thing because I relate to that. Yeah. They can choose. Yeah. Okay. So we’re making that change. Adding LinkedIn profiles as a variable for the AI to use to pull and extract relevant facts about them. It should find at least three facts about the person. Not everybody’s going to have stuff, but a lot are going to have stuff from my experience. From using sales navigator, most people had something. Yeah. And then you just copy the page of the GPT and you put it in and you put it back in. And this app is looking to automate that process so they can just do this with variables. Yeah. All right Offer creation. Tone. This looks good. Only thing I want to add is like we talked about in the previous call, a complimentary and mentorship tone. Okay. So flattering? Do you want to replace a couple of these so it stays eight? Yeah. Maybe want to replace? So on the offer creation page, we want to replace two of the select tone and audience options. Yeah. Enterprise, you can replace with enterprise. Instead of enterprise, we want? Flowery. Flattering. Oh, it could be yeah, I think that it could be executive enterprise. I like executive. Executive. You don’t think executive enterprise? Executive could be in sales. Don’t you think? I think executive could be in sales. Oh, executive is like I think of executives differently than I think about salespeople. I would keep executive. Executive is kind of its own thing. I don’t know what exactly that is, but it’s definitely a different tone. I mean, is that like they like not all executives are the same, but they definitely don’t have time for bullshit. They have time for different kinds of bullshit. It’s like it better be interesting or I’m not going to bother, kind of. Interesting bullshit. Yeah. Interesting, very executive-specific bullshit. Okay. We’ll keep executive. Manager competence. Competence, I think it’s more developer. Sure I guess Yeah. So which one are you replacing? Manager or developer? I would say enterprise and manager. Okay. So we’re replacing enterprise and manager with? Flattery and mentorship. Mentorship. Okay. So manager becomes mentorship. Enterprise becomes flattery. Got it. Okay. Moving on. Noted in the transcripts. Still transcribing. Yeah. I’m trying this. So Granola AI was supposed to be doing my transcribing. But then it turns out they only work with company emails and they’re like a waitlist for Gmail. So I was like, “Screw that.” So then I found Tana. So I’m trying out Tana. And it’s supposed to be able to transcribe your meeting without joining the meeting. So what the other apps have a hard time with is recording the audio that’s being said by the other person because your speakers and your microphone are designed to cancel out. So it doesn’t pick up anything coming out of the speaker. So then it becomes impossible to transcribe the meeting unless it’s in it. So they have their way of taking the computer audio that’s being recorded in any way. So you get the idea. So I’m trying it out. Moving on Compose. It’s kind of another tone question. Superposure of standard offer creation. It feels redundant. I was thinking the same. So scroll down. Look at all the stuff on here. We’ve even got the upload video. You can add to their little email. It does sound redundant. So what does? Let’s go look at it again. It does have that. Email composer. It just has the variables on the right side. Okay. So we want to consolidate those two tabs into one. I would agree. So compose. And what? Compose. And offer creation are redundant. Yeah. Are redundant. They are basically the same thing. They’re both creating an email. All of the content on both should be consolidated. It looks like compose has the variables on the right, which is good. Offer creation should have those variables on the right. Yeah. And then they have. So that’s the only thing that’s missing Correct. Possibly Okay. So consolidate those two things, add the column to the right of the offer creation screen, and remove the extra button so there’s no longer a compose button. Yes. Okay. Cool. And then this is well, this section is for sequencing. You click campaign Yeah. It says campaign, but this actually is for sequencing. Sequencing. Can you tell me more about sequencing? Why you choose that word instead of campaign? Yeah. Because it’s sequence of emails that goes out. Email one, email two, email three. That’s the reason for this. Do we want the variable variables to be listed on the right still, or are we done with that? We can keep it That’s all right. But this section is really for so you have your first email, which has all the detail in it. All the variables that were just used, the first email is really very detailed with all the personalized stuff. And the second, this section is for sequencing. So your second email is going to be, “Hey, first name, I wanted to follow up with my interest in JD link.” In the previous email, I talked about my fit. I think this message finds you well. Bye. Bye. Motherfucker. Oops, did I mean to type that Sorry, sir. I didn’t mean to send that in my last message. That was addressed to someone else. All right So would you like to open a brief chat next week? You have talks like that. All right So yeah. Cool. I don’t think the available variables are useful here. I think we’ve already listed them on the—what’s it called? What are we calling it? Composed page. Well, we’re removing the composed page and we’re keeping the offer creation page, right? Offer creation, yeah. So offer creation. Yeah. So those are going to have that column that’s on the composed page moved to this page. We don’t probably need it on the campaign page. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Do we want to say offer and compose at the top of that as a heading on the campaign page? Offer and compose, yeah. Do you like that That’s what it says right now. Go back to campaign. We are offering—sorry, did I say offer and compose? I meant compose and campaign. Do we want to say compose and campaign No. We just want this to be sequencer, this one. Oh, okay. Sequencer. Okay. Fair enough So do you want to change the button name from campaign to sequencer? Yeah. Do you want to say campaign sequence, or we want to just say sequence? Campaign sequence sounds cool. Yeah. Because I kind of know what a campaign is. Sequence is so many things, right? So it just means to order things. In an order. I don’t really know. Yeah. Well, that’s. It doesn’t have a lot of meaning for me. Yeah. It’s a campaign sequence. You have your because it’s always—it’s like punchline and sector. Like the whole thing. Punchline and sector. So maybe the button can just say campaign and the heading for the campaign screen will say campaign sequence. Yeah. Okay. Your first email is your biggest email because that’s your home. That’s why you’re talking about all these different things. And then the second email, I’m giving it some line. Give me some more line to they can take by the hook. And then the sinker is essentially, “Okay, we got them in there. Try to take it away.” You want to say some line, but you could even say something like, “Well, since I sent this email out, I’ve gotten five interviews. And I wanted to see if you are open to interviewing me for the role.” Yeah. Like that’s your sequence, your three sequences, three emails on the second. Okay. Makes sense. So we don’t need available variables. We need a list of emails. Yeah. Email one, email two, email three. Yeah. Sequence On the campaign sequence page. Yeah. Preflight the deliverabilities. Are these actual real things that we want here, or is it just done? Sure We can. Yeah. Keep that in there. Where else is it going to go? Well, I don’t know Analytics Yeah. We should keep it in—you can keep it there. Okay. Keep it on the campaign page. All right. You ready to look at another screen, or you want to—because basically, instead of having available variables on the campaign sequence page, we’re going to replace that with a list of emails. Right? So intro email, follow-up email, hook, line, and sinker email. Whatever. They’re not going to call it that but the closing email. Well, it would be—yeah. It’d be like a—it would be your intro email, follow-up email, and. Last resort email. Last try email. Yeah. Final attempt. Final attempt email Okay. There’s going to be some of those. Some people don’t respond Yeah. That’s going to be okay. Especially if we’re emailing a lot of people. All right. So moving on to the next screen. So what happens if you click dry run? Dry run Does that interactive button sequence queue dry run? Oh, sequence Mm-hmm. Is this a sequence? Yeah. Hmm. Hi, Jane. Why do you want to do four? I’m going to do four steps. Four steps in the sequence. In the fourth so after the value add there’s final attempt? Final attempt, yeah. Kind of just like, “Look, you haven’t responded to my emails. Probably just bugging you. Just so you know, I’m the only one that can save your company.” Got it. I’m your last hope. I’m your last hope. All right I hope the AI takes me literally and actually writes that email. But that is it Yeah. Pretty much initial outreach, polite nudge, additional value add, or you could do case study. And then step four is I’ve gotten four interviews in the last three weeks. And companies are very interested in the solutions that I’m offering. Do you want to hear more about them? Message me back. And then you can. Yeah. I do have people reaching out to me now that I reach back to that I reached out to months ago. And they’re like, “Actually, I think it’d be perfect for this role.” It’s like, “Dude, come on.” Do you still think I’m unemployed after six months? Yeah. Come on I appreciate it, I guess, but yeah. So some of them are just busy. So the fourth little attempt is just like, “Oh, oh, I can finally check my emails today.” Exactly Because I sure as hell don’t check LinkedIn all the time now. I like to look at some of the funny videos on robots. Kind of into the robot emails, the robot videos. আচ্ছা, it’s not updating me. Let me just go to the thing myself. Oh, there you go. It’s not updating your shared screen, but it doesn’t matter. I’ll just go to it on my context research job tracker. Offer creation. Okay. All right Continue. Compose is redundant. Save and proceed. Okay. Okay. How do we get to the next screen here? So, not a next button. Well, Compose is dumb We’re losing it anyways. And then the campaign screen. And then where did you click on? Oh, back to Composer. No, I’m sharing my screen. Yeah, yeah. If it would, because your screen isn’t showing. Yes. Your screen. Okay. So, Compose and operation combined. To operation and have campaign, which is going to be a sequencer, but then when we click on draw and run, it came up with sequence. We just still have the emails on the right side, even though dry run shows them as one kind of long example. Yeah. I think this is fine. It kind of gives you a little bit more context, but what’s happening with your little campaign? Do you think there should be an option to edit these on this screen? Yeah. So, on this screen, you click edit, and then you can edit these emails. Sequence Q&A drawn. Okay. Quality assurance kind of applies. You might have to click and edit button. Right? Like a little pencil shape that says edit, and then you can click any of these and make a few changes, add a sentence. Maybe they want to pop their URL in there, or their favorite slogan, or quote, or whatever. Make it personal. All right. So, from here, where did you go? Because that’s where your screen froze. So, I went to campaign, went to dry run, and then back to composer. Then I was at home. For some reason, it doesn’t have the next button anymore. Anyways. Yeah, yeah. Then there’s launched, and then there’s launched. Analytics. Is that the analytics screen? Yeah. I mean, look at the analytics screen. Okay. And are we adding anything to the analytics screen? Do we like the analytics that are on here? Can’t say analytics today. Are all these the right analytics? You notice I put your area, right? And then the Austin area. It’s like two areas. That we might focus on. My nearest big area that’s huge and tech is Austin. It’s like where it’s at, right? All of Silicon Valley moved there. Moved big like Google and all these other tech companies moved big offices to Austin. So, there’s tons of jobs there. And it’s kind of a prime place to be if you’re in Texas. And it’s the most liberal city in Texas. If you want to go someplace that everybody is not super Republican. So, but yeah. I mean, it sounds good I mean, pretty much yeah. I mean, really just kind of we really want to learn how those instantly analytics. Okay. So, you’d like to make the analytics dashboard resemble instantly more? Yeah. Let me see what instantly has. Yeah. For example, pictures. So, share this tab instead. This is what system it uses. They have total sent. Open rate. Click rate. Apply rate. We also want to put positive apply rate. About that’s for the analytics. Positive by it just step analytics. All right If you want, I mean, if you can let me take some screenshots real quick. Of the specific things you want me to emulate that would be probably the best way to make sure that the right things get included. Yeah. I can go to another campaign. For sure. Yeah. When you got the screen loaded that you want me to screenshot, I’ll screenshot it and then I’ll put it in the UI or the AI to take a look. Yeah. I mean, you want to all right. So, first off, I’d say this one is good. You want to see how many emails were sent, total sent for that person’s account. Everyone’s going to want to log in Okay. So, you have total sent, open rate, click rate, reply rate, and positive look at that. Anyway then you have that Then you have the so that’s like one thing to look at. But the other one you want to look at is the step analytics. So, the sequence sequencing of each one versus step one, how many emails were sent to step one. And then you open reply to click. Step two, see different steps. Also, I think that we should just why don’t we just connect an API to instantly? We can. So, those are all things to try. And when we find that there’s certain issues with that, that are not attractive to us, although we might find some things are really easy. Let’s just assume, we’re creating all of these things ourselves. And since it isn’t super hard, and then we’ll also try to connect and see which option ends up being better. I think we should try both routes in all cases. But let’s prepare for the option of not doing that so that if for some reason we have an issue with that, we don’t have to fight with it. Are you saying that this API is easy to connect to? I think that instantly API is very easy to connect to. They are very API friendly. Are they Okay. Well, then let’s go ahead and create it for the purposes of showing the app ops for the functionality. And then maybe when we integrate it, we just end up connecting it. Either way, we have to build the wireframe to kind of show how it’s all going to look. Yeah. And then we also have a deliverability page, which is nice. Any screenshot of that too. Might have been spam. Okay. All right. Cool. So, I’ll feed these screenshots to the AI. Again, these are just discussing the analytics page only, so. Yeah. Mr. AI transcript reader, please don’t. Think that we want our entire web page to look like these screenshots. We’re just trying to get some ideas on some of the content we want on our analytics page. So, we’re going to borrow some ideas from the instantly screenshots. Okay. Mr. Robot, you got that Okay. And then launch campaign. Are you ready to move on to that? Launch campaign Campaign launched. How exciting. I’m excited. My campaign is launched. Does that mean I get a job now? All right. Instant job Instant job You’re hired. You’re hired I got the job It’s just for the night. You click on campaign launch and it says you’re hired. That would be the best commercial ever. I just need to be like, beep, boop, boop, beep. You’re hired. Hell yeah. In a struggling job market there’s no uncertainty. Until today. Roll fairy delivers you to your next role. Instantly. Right now Campaign launched. Yes. I have a job. Well, that’s a little too close to I got the job, which is a very popular ad campaign. Which people relate to, or they wouldn’t keep putting that obnoxious commercial on the TV. I’m sure you’ve seen it, right? Yeah. On Zip Recruiter. I got the job And that’s like yeah. But the idea is that that’s all the bottom line, right? They just want the job. Your process is almost irrelevant. But what the process does is not only is it effective, but it the complexity feels like oh, there’s no flipping way I’d figure that on by myself, right? Especially with a 12-step program. There’s no way. The average person is going to be like, oh, I know what all those 12 steps are and how to implement them perfectly. And access that all the information. Like, oh, by the way, one more thing to look at before we’re done here. Click the give feedback up there. So, this is for people who want the app at a discount. Which is hopefully everybody, because we need all the feedback we can get, right? And they can do that. In fact, we could make it some like completely unreasonable price. Or they can do this, and then it’s only 250 a month. Right? Like you get it for half off and all you have to do is complete the weekly survey. Don’t forget, we’re going to charge you. And they got to tell us about every single screen we want lots and lots of feedback, because then we can improve our app rapidly, because all this stuff is going to get fed into AI anyways. Right? Because when we take all this feedback, we’re going to ask it like, what are the most common grievances with the app? What are the most what are they like most? What are they like least? What needs to well, we probably fix, and then all that’s going to be processed, and then we’re just going to feed it to cursor and make the updates. Right? And we’ll probably want to discuss some of these things, but at least we’ll have something to talk about. Some shit might actually be broken. We don’t even notice. Like some link that doesn’t work and takes them to a 404, and they’ll be like, oh, fuck. We want that to fix right now. You know? So, yeah. So, this screen will change now since we’re going to make some changes to the UI, but the idea is clear enough, right? I actually didn’t look at this. Looks so screwed. Yeah, yeah. We want comprehensive answers from everybody. Like I’m not proud of the app until it’s like scaled to the point where it’s making us a lot of money. Right Not like proud that I have an idea. I’m not proud that we might have a couple of customers. I’m I’ll be proud when it’s scaled and it has reputation because we’ve transcended that first 20 customers and we’ve actually launched it at scale. Then I’ll be proud. I’ll be like, we did it. We actually made like an app that is scalable. Because if we burn through our 20 customers and they all hate it and we never get any more, or we’re never able to scale it, we can’t live off that money, not really. Yeah. But there’s no reason why that should happen. Because we have all the tools we need. And we have the perfect market. If there’s one commodity or service that’s needed more than anything else, it’s this one. Because AI is AI is solving all the other problems, right? And creating this new problem. Yeah. And also, everything that I’ve seen, right now, about like AI, AI is like rooting recruiting. It’s everybody I wrote an article on it too. AI I bought the article I made it, it’s called AI is making recruiting objectively worse. Because automating the wrong piece and nobody knows what to automate, how to use AI to do the job better. They’re using these crazy AI robots during the interview process, which is crazy. It’s like, you know, you’re using AI because it’s like, you’re using AI robots or some kind of model to interview me. And then I’m just going to use AI to answer the questions that you’re giving me AI. Ask questions. Yeah. Which is making it worse. Yeah. You want to like gently apply AI in the right places to make your process more intelligent and finesse you know, it’s not you know, just like dump it, big bucket of AI on everything. It’s got to be like you know, it’s very, very helpful with so many things, but you don’t just yeah, you got to apply it intelligently. Yeah. A lot of people do that at work. They’re just like, you can tell it’s AI. They didn’t really proofread anything. Yeah. That’s the thing. It’s like you’re using AI to write a resume. So that AI can interpret the resume. And then AI is interviewing you and then your answers are just based on AI. So it’s like, is this ridiculous? At what point are we actually going to see? The best way to use the AI is to take the steps that you have to do, the ones that are redundant and don’t require thought, and automate those; then you check, think about the output, think about how to make it better. Use the AI to apply your ideas or even generate new ones, but then approve those and then so it’s like it’s a way to speed up your work, not to just do your whole job. Yeah. Right Yeah. They’re just saying, do my entire job. So like, for example, we have these meetings every week, right? Some of the steps I’ve been letting AI just to kind of see where it goes with it. But like, we have seven weeks of meetings. Because obviously, if it were just possible to write the whole app with no thought, then we wouldn’t need seven meetings. It would just be like, tell me what you want and boom, done. So obviously, there’s like a lot of things. The style was me you know. With the help of AI, like it gave me like 30 different logos that I looked at until I found one that I liked, right? Mm-hmm. And even when I animated it, I had to look at a whole bunch of different animations until I found one that looked to me like water, you know? Anyways, so you use it intelligently and it’s really powerful, but it isn’t designed to just do all your work for you. It’s designed to make your job so much faster and so much better. It adds about 200 points to my IQ. Whatever my IQ is, right? And so I’m like, and then it gives me an opportunity to take the things I was going to do anyways, do them 10 times faster, at least, at least. I mean, honestly, like the bottleneck is when I have to deliver. So really, it’s like a million times faster because it’s done in two seconds. Right? A month’s worth of work is done in two seconds. So, but really, there’s still this bottleneck, which is me having to like upload it and, you know, check it and all of that. But still, like ultimately, it results in 10 times more work produced and delivered by me. But still, every step requires me to like think critically about what’s happening and what I want to be done and then all the stuff that shouldn’t you know that I don’t really want to do anyways, which is like you know document all the stuff that we already know. Like look at all these documents that we created and now it’s just steps. But it’s a lot of steps. So if you don’t understand what you’re doing, and you think that you’re going to like you know anyways, I’m being random. I’m just rambling at you. I’m sorry. But you get it. You really were on the same page. AI is a beautiful, powerful thing. It’s just don’t dump it on your stuff and expect it to do all your work. Like apply it intelligently at key points and then iterate and iterate and iterate until you have something great. And then you’ll I don’t like that the AI is the problem. No, no, no. AI is not the problem. People are just super lazy. And they found someone to do their homework and they’re not checking that shit. That’s the problem. Yeah. That’s the problem. Well, it looks like you got a family to attend to. Yeah. I think she’s giving up on me, but I’ll go. We went through it though We did it, man. We did That was actually probably our most focused and productive meeting yet. And I feel like hopefully this transcription will work. So let me stop it and see. Let’s see transcribing. Stop. It looks like it recorded. Tana logo Made with Tana. The next-gen workspace for AI and voice. Get started for free.