
Transcript
I have terminated every, like, three-paragraph email I get. If it’s, like, three sentences, I’m more likely to read it. And it’s just like, “Hey, I noticed your—“ I don’t know, I didn’t like this one. It’s like, “Hey, I noticed you work for Denali.” I’m like, “Don’t fucking talk about where I work.”
That’s what I’m saying. I mean, there’s so much connection.
Like, why are you talking about where I work? Like, what are you fucking spying on me and shit? Like, what the hell?
Well, that’s what I mean.
I got that email the other day I got that email last week. Like, somebody said, “I noticed you work at Denali AI.” I was like, “Why the fuck are you talking about my job?” Like, what do you know about my job? Like, are you going to talk to my boss? Like, what the fuck’s going on here? Delete.
Well, yeah. That’s what I’m saying. I didn’t—because I did personalization on their persona. Like, I did research on them. I did
some research on their persona. On their seniority level. And on their, uh,
uh, seniority level persona.
And one other one. Oh, and their industry. And they’re like, “This guy knows way too much about me. I’m afraid. I’m not even saying anything.
What’s my worst campaign”
It’s a little audacious, too. You know, think about it. If you walk up to somebody at a party and you start talking about their personal shit and you’ve never fucking met this guy, it’s like, “Dude, what the fuck do you know about me? I don’t fucking know me.”
Yeah. Who aren’t they?
Fucking on my face
I think it’s funny because, um, now that we’re talking about it, I’m connecting things in my mind. I was just watching, um, a crime mystery show. And one of the biggest things that are happening just in the show, I’m like, I’m like an hour and some change. And I don’t want to say 20 minutes in. And one of the biggest things is, like, in the movie, the character’s like, “Yeah, so I know you’ve been at your current company for 12 years. And you’ve been wanting a promotion for six years. And you work in insurance. And you insure really high-stakes people, like, seven figures, and above. And, um, I wanted to share with your business proposition.” It’s like, “What are you fucking thinking?” Like,
that was what I just happened in the show. It was like, like, “What do you—like, are you a thief? Like, why do you know all this information?”
Yeah, yeah.
So what do you want from me from it
Yeah.
It’s like, I got hacked.
Like.
Yeah. Yeah. So, so I think what comes across pretty well is I read your article on, right? Because if they post shit, like, some people are active on their postings and stuff. They comment. So then that’s reasonable. Like, it.
Yeah. The work that you did
It should be socially appropriate. Like, if you’re at a party, like, you know, some party, you know, like, lots of people there. And it’s like, you know, one of these networking things where there’s, like, a bunch of different people there. And you walk up to somebody, you don’t walk up as like, “Hey, you’re a gym and you’re married to Sarah and you work at this place and you’re like, well, you know a lot about me.” That’s kind of fucking weird. But if you say, “Hey, I read your article on,” or, “I noticed you’re the author of this or that,” or, “Oh, you’re the guy who won this award,” you’re like, more public shit that’s, like, supposed to be public. But yeah, I didn’t even like someone saying, “I worked at Denali AI.” I was like, “I don’t like that.” Now, if they said, “I noticed you’re—I noticed you’re an AI architect,” it’d be like, “Okay, cool. Yeah, that’s my idea.”
Yeah.
You know
Yeah.
I noticed you had something.
I noticed you’re interested in Spanish women. And, uh,
I’ve noticed that you’ve been married for five years. And you like Spanish women. And I have another Spanish woman that I want to introduce you to. It’s like, hold on. What the fuck is going on here?
Yeah. What’s going on?
Why are you doing this
This is my wife. This is my wife trying to trap me, like, testament loyalty.
She hired a private investigator.
Yeah. It’s like, so yeah, I think that’s a good point. So the things that we want to be personal about are their job title, at least as far as how I feel about it, how Oliver feels. I don’t know. Not everybody feels the same, but I think this might be—it should be socially appropriate. So it’s appropriate to talk about anything they published.
Yeah.
Anything they wrote about publicly. Like, you know, not “I’ve been following your job changes over the past three years,” because that’s kind of weird.
Yeah.
But like, “I’ve been following your posts because they want people—everybody wants their posts read.” So that’s fine.
Yeah.
Like, oh, you like what I wrote. Cool. Like, if somebody liked what I wrote or they liked my YouTube video, I would probably be like, “Yeah, thank you.” Like, yeah, I made that because I was, you know, whatever. And I’d be like, “I’m not.”
I wanted to share that. I wanted to share that.
Yeah. I want people to be like, “Notice my shit.” Like, I probably put some time into it. And I want someone to be like, “Hey, that’s cool. You did a good job with that.” And I’m like, “Oh, thanks, man.” Like, “Yeah, I worked on that for a while.” Like, that was a little project. You know? Then it’s like, cool. Someone noticed some shit I did. It wasn’t a waste of time. Like, I didn’t only got like 10 views, but at least one of them told me it was good.
You know what I mean
Yeah.
Yeah. So, so yeah, that’s—so we should probably stick with, like, personal shit being like, their job title feels fine. Like, if someone said, “Hey, I noticed your AI architect.” It’s like, “Hell, yeah, I am. I noticed your—you—“ I never like people talking about where I live. Because, like, who cares?
Yeah.
You know what I mean? Like.
I know where you live.
No, I mean, like, what city or state I live in. It’s like, I don’t really identify with Texas. I’m just here, you know? Like, I don’t relate to this place. I don’t really care.
Well, I think that—I think that, like, if you wrote a book, or if you read an article, or if you—this is something like that. You probably put a lot of effort into that. And, you know,
yeah.
Yeah. So I’m going to reach out about one of my books that I wrote. I’ll be like, “Yeah, I wrote that book. It’s good.” Like, “Why do you like it? Thanks for telling me you like my book.” Um, I’ll send you a free autograph copy. Like, and then if they’re like, “Hey, by the way, we got some jobs over here.” I’ll be like, “Oh, yeah, cool. Let’s talk about your jobs.” You know what I mean? Or whatever. So, like, that would be a good bridge. So if people with publications, but not everybody’s got that. Some people are kind of private online. Like, I’ve looked at people I work with, and most of them have, like, barely any presence.
Yeah.
Even the higher-ups, they’ve got, like, nothing.
Maybe a resume online or something, but, you know.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, it’s like, it’s more like, you know, it’s something that you’re clearly passionate about.
Mm-hmm.
Um,
you know, you worked on.
So yeah, we should just have kind of some rules. So we want personalization, but we don’t want—it’s okay to talk to track the company’s progress. So the company did this, and the company did that. Like, they want to feel like their company is a mover or shaker, you know? Um,
but yeah, so I guess that’s the balance So as far as they’re concerned, any publications are on the table for discussion. Um, anything like, their title, and then the company, if they’re in a hiring role, like, they think they’re impressive. You can say, “I’m impressed by, like, you know, what the company did this year in terms of, like, whatever.”
Yeah.
You know Not like, “Oh, 285 billion revenue, maybe.” If it’s interesting, that’s kind of just a fact. But, like, you know, I think that’s cool. The merger with this, or, or, you know, um, maybe not, like, “I noticed you guys put out 20,000 people yesterday.” But.
Well, the merger is good. The merger is good, actually, because that’s something that’s, like, pressing in their mind, and they’re probably a little bit stressed about. And I feel like they can’t really talk to anyone about. Especially if it’s like, “I saw that there’s a merger, and this is like, yeah, there is a merger.” Um, you know,
the next line has to be something like, not too invasive, but it has to be like.
Yeah. So that’s a good point. So we’re trying to personalize, but we should—we should use, like, the creepy at-party standard. Right? So you wouldn’t say this to someone at a networking event because it’s a little too personal, and they might respond with, “You don’t fucking know me.”
Yeah.
What the hell Like, that’s a creepy shit thing. Get out of my face. Like, so yeah, if they would—if it feels too personal for, like, casual conversation with a stranger, then don’t say it. But anything regarding publications, company mergers, things like that. So by the way, I’m transcribing this, so we can maybe use some.
Oh, you are.
Use some of this for our, you know,
um content for AI.
Yeah. And you should know, too. You should—you should know, too, for, um, transcribing and everything. My best campaign actually was, um, based off of, like, a, uh, article kind of publication idea.
Mm-hmm.
Um, you know, that’s—that is what happens.
Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. It feels so special.
Yeah. I’ll just—I’ll just—if you can—I’m going to share my screen real quick so you can see.
Some ideas about what I’m talking about. Um,
here. This is what, um,
did—did best right
Right
Like, I saw your article highlighting the projected for 9% rise in insurance-related identity theft by the end of ‘25. ‘25 comes clear prioritizing proactive fraud measures.
Mm-hmm.
Like, that wasn’t bad. That was my AI personalized opener.
Um, and this is a cybersecurity message. Um, so that’s why—and this cybersecurity, um,
uh, program, uh, that we’re trying to sell is around that. Um,
so this—this message is pretty good.
Um, so yeah, about the article, about news, says the news about American modern significant underwriting transformation.
You know, this is a huge strategic move.
Um, so that was like, the signal-based opener. That would—that did pretty well.
Um,
and yeah, so that’s kind of like, an example of some article or news that was, uh, that, you know, that—that did well.
Nice.
So, and this was relatively short.
Um,
and this is pretty good We want to take out any kind of, uh, idea around the company name, right? You don’t want to use that.
By the way, it’s okay to have a database of emails that the AI looks at and is, like, template ideas, right?
Like, you don’t even need to strip them of personal information. You can leave it in there. It doesn’t matter. Um, it’s—it understands, like, that it’s looking at an example, right? Um, you know, it can mess up sometimes, but usually. So yeah.
So right now I’m looking at the website, and fixing any bugs before I show you, so you don’t have to deal with it. But, um, let me see. So on the gap analysis screen, I’m getting a weird error. Not like it just says GPT output could not be parsed. Use deterministic scoring. Um, is printed on the gap analysis.
I haven’t looked at it, so I—I could have, like, um, I need to update some APIs or whatever.
Hmm.
Little things.
I can share.
Yeah. I didn’t want to get this, uh, I didn’t want to get this out.
No problem. We got the ups and I can—I can do it.
I can share my screen.
Mm-hmm.
So I was just telling it about um, this error right here. It says, “GPT output could not be parsed. Use deterministic scoring.” So I’m wondering why that’s happening. I just updated the GPT to the 5.4 mini. So that it would—it would give us smarter output. Um, because I wasn’t happy with the output. So before I was using 4.0 mini, which is kind of dated, and I thought it’d be good enough, but, uh, since it’s not very expensive anyways, I’m just upgrading.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. I’m not sure what you need to do. So, uh.
Oh, it’s a—it’s a max tokens, as you see. It tells you. It says fixed gap analysis. Increased max tokens from 900 to 4,096. Timeout to be 30 seconds. So there you go.
Mm-hmm.
That makes sense. So far too small for the complex JSON and LM needs to return.
Cool.
So push.
All right
Yeah. So, um, when it comes to outbound, I, I brought it down to four, uh, three simple things.
Um,
the three simple things are, number one, deliverability. Right? Uh, if you’re, you know, does your message go to, um, the inbox or the spam or whatever? Um, and part of the benefit of going through LinkedIn is you don’t really have any deliverability issues. Um, like, you have an email.
Yeah. Well, you have different ones, I guess. So, I mean,
yeah.
Yeah. Well,
the deliverability is the first issue. Second issue is the list. You know, it’s the—it’s the list of people that are sending things to.
Yeah.
Um, and the third issue is you know, that’s the—the content or the copy. You know, the message you’re sending.
Yeah.
So yeah, update—I updated the um, the model.
Ooh Yeah. That’s good
So it says many, but actually, it’s
five GPT 5.4 mini now.
It was mini.
Use mini because it’s, like, small It’s not like we’re not doing, like, huge paragraphs. You know, we’re doing, like, small bits of data at a time. It’s just as powerful, but it’s way faster. And then the mini means it doesn’t have to deal with, like, thousands of lines of context at a time. It’s just little bits.
Mm-hmm.
So okay. So, oh, initializing. So I’m just—it’s going to take a second to upgrade or upload this. So I can view it.
So they’ve got the API keys. This is the old one. I created a new one because I don’t know. It was giving me some weird, weird error. So I just created a new API key.
Mm-hmm. API key, yeah.
So yeah.
Is that interesting Has it been used yet?
It’s never been used yet. So that’s telling me something.
Let’s deploy it and see what happens.
Yeah. I guess it’s good Refresh to hard refresh.
Start with the role preferences.
Mm-hmm.
All right So this is the one that I was getting the weird error.
Okay. Stub fallback should not be used in GPTs on.
I don’t know if that means they didn’t get missing required skill. Build systems.
Significant gaps.
So you now have significant gaps, moderate gaps, right?
So instead of giving it, like, stars for everything because it gets confusing to have, like, five stars on this page and then for the same item, you have, like, four stars somewhere else.
Mm-hmm.
So preference gaps. I’ve got location preference match. You selected Idaho, but this job appears to be in San Francisco.
So that seems to make sense. Role is stakeholder heavy or style. So these all seem reasonable. Missing required skill typescript. Right? So again, you know, this is the gap analysis screen. You know, it doesn’t really gatekeep anything else. It’s just there for you to consider as, like, maybe I don’t really want this job. And if you—you see something, you’re like, “You know what? I’ll never—I would never get this job because of this gap.” And then you just click drop role and it removes it.
See.
Mm-hmm.
Done. No more role. So we can go to the next screen. Saving and continue. I dropped a role. See what this one does.
Okay. Looks like it’s working and it’s fast. So let’s see. Improve.
Improve onboarding activation for reducing drop-off in first-week usage.
Improve deployment efficiency by 100% through ETL pipelines.
Okay. Pain point. Reduce churn by improving time-to-value for new customers.
From job description. And then it says from resume, built usage, lifecycle messaging, to reduce early churn. Why it matters. Job description targets the churn time-to-value. Resume evidence shows lifecycle. Plus—so that seems reasonable, right?
And so.
Yeah. I think I would say is the, um, uh, the index is in between navigation. No, in between, in between 35. If that gets trans—if that gets, um, you know, uh, moved over to the message, it’s going to look too much like AI when you have two, um, M dashes. Yeah.
What is this, the match screen?
Yeah. This is the, um, this is the pain match. Pain, pain point match.
Pain point.
Okay.
There we go. All right. Let it work on that. Can keep going.
Saving and continue. So it gives a little percent, three pain points, four pain points, three pain points. And it gives a percentage right of, uh, I guess, how well it’s matched.
That’s good enough for now So we’ve got—let’s see, the company intelligence. This seems pretty generic.
All of these have the same company intelligence. What does it say under select signals to break the ice? So let’s see. About us. Airtable is empowering people to bring their creative visions to life more about the company. Our mission. Okay. Hiring signals. Salesforce CEO expresses excitement amid layoffs. This is good info.
So, um,
Airtable chief encourages skipping meetings for AI play. So these are both AI-related messages. One is layoffs, right? Because people are getting replaced. And then they need smaller workforce. And then the chief encourages skipping meetings for AI play. So they want everybody just to play with AI instead of doing meetings because they’ll accomplish more. That’s interesting.
So Airtable just launched an AI platform that could change how you work. VentureBeat. Airtable just launched. There you go. And then so that VentureBeat is the publication.
So VentureBeat is something, again, VentureBeat is something that they want to be public.
The company wants other people to know about the product they just released. So that would be.
So you said, “Hey, I’m really interested in how you launched that AI platform to change how you work.” Um, I have something similar or I have—you know, that this lines up directly with something I’m working on. And I—I think it would be really exciting to talk to you if you have a minute or, you know, set up a call or you should look at my resume. I’ve got some, you know, good alignment there or whatever. So that, yeah.
Yeah.
Definitely opener. And it’s not socially weird to talk about it.
Yeah.
Like, yeah. I noticed you baptized your daughter yesterday. I also baptized my daughter.
Yeah. Yeah. That’s what I’m trying to say. But that’s where this is going, man. Personalization is getting crazy because we know—we know—we have so much information about people online. Um, it’s crazy.
I noticed you baptized your daughter. I’m also Jewish. And I took—
and my penis.
Your brisk It’s like, I also mutilate my penis.
You should see it.
All right Um, so there’s, like, URLs. Like, in the message, all right?
Okay. I’m just going to—
Well, yeah.
Um.
Can you tell it to like, not do that Because I think what it’s trying to do is, like, source or give some kind of source, but, like, it kind of messes it up. Like, I don’t know what it’s trying to do, but.
Normally, I have multiple screens here, but my back was hurting, so I’m on the bed right now. Culture and bias.
See if I can see another example where it did it. Oh, yeah. Most of them sections have that. Yeah. That’s ugly.
Leadership change. But it is pretty interesting. To see this other part. So Microsoft taps former British PM, Prime Minister, as advisor. Airtable hires open. I mean, there’s some really good info here.
Not all good Those are all good personalizations. It’s not like too—anything that they want to be said publicly. That’s the idea.
Uh-huh Yeah. I think it’s not weird to talk about the company unless you’re talking about a bankruptcy or something negative.
Yeah.
You probably don’t want to have negative shit because it’s just—they’re ashamed.
Yeah. Keep it light But, like, I’m curious, like, if you copy and paste that into your Google, uh, Google Chrome, it probably is just going to, like, show you the source of that information, right? That was—oh, it’s not. No.
No, it looks like that. Yeah. I think the whole point was so you could actually go to the link, right?
Yeah. That’s what the intention was. Yeah.
And we’re all bad links anyways. That’s some nonsense. Anyways, well, apparently, we don’t need them for two reasons.
Yeah.
One is they’re ugly, and two is they’re useless. Okay. So yeah, we don’t really want links anyways, right? We just want to, like,
talk about—we don’t need—like, we trust you, sort of. Like, enough to tell us—tell us the, uh, the info, man. Like, give us the rundown. We’re not going to, like, check that. It’s not like the job sites we actually need to go to that job site.
Yeah.
All right It’s fixing that Let’s go back to the thing here.
All right So you can, by the way, you can select the items that you want to include, or you want, like, to include it in the context, right? Select signals to break the ice. So pick up the 10 signals to personalize your outreach. The AI considers your selections when crafting the message, right? So we can select a few of these.
So this is—see, this is not a complete thing here.
And I’ll pick that one.
No, I’m not I want to tell it about that. So it doesn’t disclose. It just is about us and, like, thinks about us, how useful. Um,
is not a complete answer.
Instead,
of just the about us heading, put the info not the heading.
That section.
That’s a persistent problem. It was doing that to me last time, too. I already tried to fix it, but we’ll get it. All right. So see, here it actually has the URL as a link. So click this. Let’s see if it actually takes me to a place. There you go. And it actually has the real article, too. So I don’t know why it has bad links for the other stuff, but we don’t even really need these articles here. But some people might want to read them. They’re like, “Oh, interesting,” right? Like, I’d rather just have a couple of sentences about it in the app, right?
Well, I mean, it could be good too, because, I mean,
um later on in the interview, they can reference the article that they talked about in the email kind of thing.
Yeah. Definitely not this format.
Well, anyway so this is cool. This is like, you know, 90%, you know, interesting. Right? So they just don’t understand this whole company. Maybe I should just remove it. I don’t know why it’s doing that.
Oh, the strongest signals about us, but then that’s that.
Anyways, I don’t know. Maybe just remove this company intelligence section.
Yeah. I’m just going to remove it. Remove the company intelligence accordion.
Um, expendable section.
From the top of the research. The research.
Right It’s redundant anyways because the select signals to break the ice section is that right?
That top section That top section doesn’t add any value. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. I don’t know.
Even if it had good info, I don’t know what the point would be. You want, like, all this stuff, and then you can select a thing.
That’s useful.
And if it fixes this, right this about us thing, it actually gives us info, then it’s like, almost there, and then fix the URL thing.
Super useful for personalization and once it’s cleaned up a little, it should be good.
Yeah. AI openers. So now we’re on the decision maker screen. So we have the filters.
Right We’ve got the person
And this is building the—this is assisting us in building the wealth.
All right Let’s see if it’s working.
This is the intention of the screen is assisting us to build a list of decision makers.
So we selected our company. These all fold out now, which is much nicer. Name. So person name and keywords. You don’t have to include anything. But you can. You can put a URL out here if you want to for LinkedIn. Job title. You can select the job titles you want to look at. All right. Seniority. You can select all for all these guys.
Um, location.
You know, whatever. And then.
You pretty much do.
Yeah. And then, uh, so quick LinkedIn connect. So now this is weird. So the quick LinkedIn connect is redundant.
Is it
Where else is it Why are you saying redundant?
How is it redundant And where?
Oh, no, I’m just trying to understand. Oh, I see. So it’s going to—I didn’t—I didn’t click search. And then it shows you—okay. Then it found contacts.
I don’t know what this is.
Figma draw is not a person. Why does it have—I’m just kind of curious. I don’t know why, but it doesn’t make sense.
Figma draw.
Yeah. It’s just like a bug or something.
Yeah. I don’t know what it’s doing there.
I guess I’ll just tell the thing.
Okay. Got to work on that. I accidentally opened paint here.
All right Moving on So that page is broken.
Um, let’s try a different company. Let’s clear the catch. Let’s go to, um, Marketa.
And do that search and see if I was, uh,
job title.
Select all Um, seniority. Select all.
Let’s leave that blank and do a search and see if it’s going to be stupid again.
Okay.
Oh, it skipped to the next page.
Okay. Cool. That gave me people. I don’t know. Are you still there?
Yeah.
Yeah. Sorry. It was so quiet. I thought maybe you dropped. Or you’re not—you dropped on purpose, but maybe the caller. Maybe I closed the window. Sometimes I’ll, like, close the window and it’ll be like, “Oh, I just hung up on them.” Um, so then chief. So I got four people. Well, I’m only getting four. Well, anyways, um, so it says hi, Jason. Your work is founder. So what do we think about this message? Because I’m not sure about it. So hi, Jason. Your work is founder and director at Marquetta stood out. And I redesigned onboarding flow. It was like straight into yourself. I redesigned onboarding flow and instrumented key events to identify drop-off and iterate quickly. Open to connect. Like, no, because you’re aware of. Um,
so hi, Mike. Your work is chief executive officer and director stood out. I read it so obviously, like, bad. Um, yeah.
Good A good connect message would be specific to industry, I think. Let me see. I’ll just give you some good ones. I may.
Yeah. I don’t know if the job title is, like, job title kind of says, like, you look like someone who can help me get a job. That’s kind of rude. More like.
Yeah. Yeah. It’s kind of like it seems too much like using them kind of thing.
Yeah. But I notice your work, you know, at Marquetta, you know, in Mar, you know, as a leader at Marquetta,
you know, is impressive. But again, it sounds like.
Yeah.
Well, I see the thing. The connection request I made was like,
“Hey, Tanya. I work with staffing and recruiting firm owners across the Southeast. Would love to add you to my network.”
Okay.
Something simple like that.
Like, um “Hi, first name. I work with industry.
Across. Location.
Would love to add it to my network.”
Yeah.
Um, another option would be, “Hi, first name. I enjoy connecting with leaders in industry. Always good to expand the network with people running companies like yours.”
Mm-hmm.
Like, it’s not like,
and I always feel like the, like, rubbing your hands and like, “Mm-hmm. I see you’re a senior architect of such and such, and you have instrumental power to get any job.” Want to get me a job?
Yeah.
Got to be vague.
Let me just try to be straight with it here. This LinkedIn request note sucks. Hi, Mike. Your work is chief executive officer or chief executive officer and director at Marquetta stood out. Okay. So there’s no bridge. Between the receiver and sender’s sender. And mentioning the job title sounds a little like it looks like you can help me and it’s unspecific about.
Well, you know why what the issue is on there is it just sounds very one-sided.
And that’s what it sounds like. It sounds very one-sided.
There’s a connection and it’s one-sided.
The message should be about should be about the same length, but much more effective.
And what screen is that on?
That’s on the context screen.
Yeah. You want me to give you some messages that would be better? Like examples?
If you want to copy them into the chat, go for it.
Give some examples.
You sent them in the chat?
Yeah. I threw them in the chat.
Trying to figure out how to get to the chat. There it is.
Hey, Melissa.
Do you want to send me another one or just that one?
Send me another one.
A more effective message. Might be.
Or hey, William. Work with staffing and recruiting firm owners across the Southeast.
So it’s a friend request.
Yeah. Connect request friend request.
Yeah. I guess that can bridge a conversation.
You have one that’s less friend requesty and more like conversation invite?
Let’s see.
I mean, I know it’s like less threatening to just be like, “Hey, I don’t need your network,” but it’s a little passive. And I just think, like,
you know, you get a lot of friend requests.
I think you want to stand out a little bit more than just like another person requesting. I have like I think I’m up to like 8,000 friends on LinkedIn or something crazy. I’m like never going to talk to any of those people.
And I just kind of automatically accept them because I’m like, sure, getting my friend count up. Maybe that’s good for something. Who knows? But like,
yeah, I don’t really take any of them seriously as like contacts. Not really. I’m just kind of like passively participating in the whole LinkedIn thing just because you never know. Maybe I’ll need it someday, you know?
Yeah. Another one that’s like,
more about like interests. And that’s why you’re connecting based off like similar interests.
Okay.
Did you send it yet?
I just pressed send.
I’m like frozen here, I guess.
Yeah. Looks like I’m frozen.
There it is. Hi, Brooke. All right. Let’s go.
This is more of an interest-based thing. So it’s like, “Hi, Brooke. I reviewed your profile. Want to connect? I post about and these are more like your interests that you could say like,
you know,
AI or I post about software engineering,
RAG and, you know, just whatever. Just list three like things that would be interests. And then you’re connecting based on similar interests.
So it says, “Let me look at both of the deterministic note generator and the LLM prompt to fix the LinkedIn note quality.” So there you go. It’s working on it.
All right We’ll let it work on that.
We can look at so it gave us these four guys for this. I guess we can this is what it gives us. We expand this guy. We’ve got founder. Director. We’ve got their email address.
We can verify it by clicking it. It checks out. It’s valid.
It’s kind of neat, actually. We’ve got information about them, their where they went to school. I mean, if it’s, you know, if you both have a bachelor’s of arts in business, that’s kind of interesting. Otherwise, it wouldn’t bring it up. Right?
Yeah. That’s one of those things again.
Oh, another guy with a bachelor’s of arts. I mean, maybe if you’re able to like these swap about it. Otherwise, it just wouldn’t business development is kills interests automobiles, boating, it’s like you have a yacht too? All right. Founder, executive chair. Yeah. So anyways.
Interested again.
Yeah. If they’re like things they like to talk about. Like my manager right now, he just like loves to talk about alcohol. So he’s always asking me, “Hey, one of these days, I’ll buy you a drink. What’s your favorite drink?” And I’m like, “The truth is, I don’t fucking drink.” I hate beer. And like I couldn’t stand a rum and Coke if I’m like really need to drink just to like fit in. But I don’t really like it. But so I was like looking up different drinks. And so I was like, “Well, I’ll shift it and I’ll just be asking him what he likes.” And so he likes brings out his whole liquor cabinet. He’s like showing me all these bottles. Like different things like scotch and stuff. So anyways. Yeah. Like interests are interests.
Yeah. Also, connecting on drinking is not the most like.
Work appropriate topic. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know Well, you brought it up, so.
It’s kind of funny.
But yeah, so you can research this person and see what that does.
Mike Milotic.
Chief executive director or officer in.
Chief officer and director
That means it’s a small company.
Well, that’s what I’m saying. That’s the big thing about these lists.
If it’s a really big company, reaching out to the CEO is not going to be a good call. If it’s a smaller company, it is.
Nope. Let’s see. Well, I researched the person. I don’t know what I got about it from that. Let me try expanding this. Research this person.
I think it just gets him to LinkedIn.
Oh, yeah, I see. So this is what you get. When you click research this person, you get this stuff.
Yeah, that is the research Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. So that’s why. Let’s see.
So there you go. So they’ve all got researchers’ head and clicked that one, yeah.
Yeah.
So I can verify the email. It’s good. It’s valid.
Now we can do the research.
And I guess they didn’t find nothing about this guy. Oh, because they got a stupid-ass email. What the hell is chief that officer? I mean, it might be the judge. Who knows?
Oh, it’s not even a person. It says chief administrative officer or board of directors. So this is just like garbage.
No.
Yeah. Okay. I don’t even know I didn’t notice that. I was just like being like, not really reading anything. But anyways, yeah, cool.
Well, there’s, you know, four to five is good, I guess.
I mean, it’s not as many as I would hope. I’m going to ask about that. So yeah.
It’s not as many as I would hope. I’m not exactly.
Yeah. What is so when I find contacts for a company, on the find contacts screen, and find contacts for a given company, I’m not getting more than five people on most searches.
And sometimes fewer. So I am wondering why I can’t type today. Wondering why because I selected a lot of title and seniority filters and was expecting a lot of people, maybe 20, but get only a few. Can you please check if there is a way to get a longer list of people or if there is some sort of limitation? That we put in the LLM that is preventing it from adding more? All right. That should do it. Moving on. I think we can move on from this screen. Look at the next one.
Okay.
So this is from gaps.
So we’ve got pain points required skills and success metrics.
Oh, we can add these things.
So one-liner. I build scalable and inclusive engineering that’s not even a fucking sentence. What does that mean? I build scalable and inclusive engineering organization. I mean, I guess technically it could mean something, but it isn’t a sentence you would normally.
I build scalable inclusive jargon shop.
Yeah.
Does that mean a sentence
It is if you’re loose with the meaning of the word organization.
Yeah, but it just sounds like word salad.
Yeah, yeah, no. It’s shit. I’m just saying like I mean, if I received this from somebody, I would be like, engineering organization.
Do they organize engineering? Like or is there maybe maybe their English is bad and they’re like trying to form a sentence, but they don’t quite know how to say it.
Yeah. It sounds like English is bad.
Scalable and inclusive engineering organization.
Yeah. Exactly.
Yeah. It’s like this guy from India. I organization for you today.
I’ve got organization for inclusive scalable engineering.
Like this guy knows all the words. He’s hired.
All right
You got a job I have scalable and engineering organization skills.
I guess like I’ll just say on the offer screen,
on the offer screen, however, the one-liner is being built is not good.
For example, it created the one-liner I kind of wish AI would feel shame occasionally.
Right So I can be like, look at this and it’ll be like, oh my God, I’m so embarrassed. I’m so sorry.
I can’t believe I wrote that Like did I really give you that? Like, oh my gosh, I’m so ashamed.
I build scalable and inclusive engineering organization which is neither a proper sentence nor much of a one-liner in terms of, well, just a bunch of a one-liner. Yeah. We can
do better right now. I’m using Claude. I’m in the cursor app, but I’m actually using Claude in the command line. I’m using the terminal. So yeah, you can do better, Claude.
Come on
No, I’ll do better.
It’s Claude.
Claude’s Claude.
Yeah. It likes to come up with funny words while it works.
It just some like a little like yeah, it’ll be like it’ll just give you funny like little made-up verbs.
Yeah.
They’re not made up Well, that one is but a lot most of them are real verbs.
Yeah.
Sometimes it’ll say percolating. Sometimes it’ll say like, you know, something it’s just being silly while it works so that you can be mildly amused and less impatient.
Yeah.
Yep yep yep.
Okay. Well, I guess we should move on while that works. I need to sit there and stare at it working. All right. So the one-liner sucks, but it’s working on it. Proof point. So deployment efficiency by 100%, improved deployment efficiency,
by 100% I mean, this is redundant. But it repeats itself. Okay. Navigation efficiency by 35%. Okay. So these are like repeating themselves in weird ways. I guess I’ll just mention I’ll do a screenshot. I’m tired of this whole copy-paste retyping thing. So I’m just going to be lazier. Put Alt V.
There it has a screenshot of that screen.
And I’ll just mention it. So on the proof points, notice how I’m not screaming my mind on the offer screen.
On the offer screens,
proof points, notice how the proof points have redundant repetitive phrasing.
And incomplete sentences. Oh, done. Okay. Moving on.
It will be doing these little fine-tuning things forever, even after our stuff is monetized. Let me start bringing revenue. It’s still going to be finding little fixes. So this is just like a weekly chart we need to try to do every weekend.
Okay. And I do mean every weekend. I do want to be more committed to keeping these meetings.
There’s holy week and then there’s a bunch of other crap.
Yeah.
I’m sorry about that So call to action strategy. Open to 10-minute chat this week. Worth exploring or totally not a priority right now.
You can do more options.
Yeah.
So how do we want to get in those options? Do we want to toggle them? Do you want to toggle through a list of options for the soft and the hard?
It’s like right now I click this and it’ll show me like another option.
Or generate. What do you want to do is generate new.
Yeah. Generate. I like generate better.
Okay.
Yeah.
We’re going to be doing soft CTAs for the first two emails and then hard CTA for the third.
All right So for the soft CTAs and hard CTAs, offer a generate new next to each in case they don’t. I didn’t mention that it’s a button, but I think
I think they’ll understand. Next to each in case they don’t like the one they have and it should generate something different than the last one. And the AI prompt will need to have some context about the user’s skills. And understand that the call to action what the call to action is and the difference between hard and soft CTA.
Okay. So it’s going to create a new endpoint for that.
It’s going to be important. Yeah.
And then we can collapse this little thing and there we go. Save and continue. Now we’re on the bio page.
Everything’s collapsed.
So we can regenerate. So let’s see. The preview is also I don’t think we need the preview to be collapsed.
It’s actually kind of weird So on the bio page, don’t collapse the preview.
No.
So do you want to put for the CTAs we can also do like a personalized benefit CTA one. For the soft.
For the soft CTA, I’ll send you a message.
Okay.
This.
So I do click set up an interview with Oliver. Let’s connect on LinkedIn. Got the intro video. Missing details on my proof. Got my core strengths, my experience, my skills. Seems to be parsing okay, but this isn’t even the palpate itself. And if I open public page, does it work or not? Let’s see.
It says opening public page forever. And nothing happens. So no.
All right
You should also do well, they also the CTA should also include like a video. That’s what we’re looking at right now.
So like I just sent you two messages on there as well. On Google Meet.
Like essentially preparing it for what you’re doing here, right?
So the CTA would be if enhancing or who’s that? If hiring for job title is one of your current priorities. I invite you to watch the included video or click on the link from my bio for a free pro review. Like that would be one of the CTA options.
So this is a personalized CTA. So there’s a soft CTA, hard CTA, and a personalized CTA, you think?
Yeah. Personalized CTA sets the scene if you will for the next page. Right?
Right
Because that this first message would be a personalized CTA that would say like if hiring for AI engineer is one of your priorities right now, I invite you to watch the included video or click on my bio. For a brief overview.
Okay.
It’s just it just works in tandem with the next page.
Okay.
Bio page.
All right So if I regenerate public page, does it work?
Okay. The open public page link is taking me to nonsense.
Yeah.
It’s calling. Bio page.
Okay.
All right I already got some stuff to fix on that screen, but so now we’re on the apply screen.
Apply screen, huh
Mm-hmm.
So the apply screen is connected to the role screen. Is that what’s going on?
Here’s the role screen.
The went from personality saving continue. All right. Here’s the role screen. We didn’t really spend any time here.
So this I think I just skipped over it That’s why. So this this was the personality screen.
All right And then I might want to have some of this.
I actually wanted to focus on campaign for this call.
Okay.
So I would yeah. I would skip apply just for right now because I don’t want to just kind of get through campaign and launch before we go crazy with the apply screen.
Fair enough So here’s the campaign screen.
Yeah.
So we’ve got the voice.
Which is developer technical. You get to pick your context layers.
Your signature line’s going to include any one of these things. Another link if you have one.
Okay.
You can generate a message. See what it does.
There it generated it pretty quick. It says subject director software engineering product platform and airtable quick idea. Hi, Danielle. I’m reaching out after learning about Airtable’s work. Company themes.
Company
Yeah. It’s got some weird weird sentence structure here. It’s some bad grammar. Company theme signal theme. Okay.
Shameful.
Yeah.
So what is this called The campaign screen?
Mm-hmm.
On the campaign screen.
That generated message. Sucks.
It contains bad grammar.
Weird colon placement. This disjointed sentences.
And other issues.
It’s it’s not it’s not compelling and doesn’t match the voice.
Of tone of the selected voice tone.
It’s message.
And boom. Boom. Example.
There. Let’s go back. Okay. So that one didn’t go very well. Email to follow-up manager. Generate.
Hi, Danielle. Just a quick follow-up on my previous note about director software engineering product platform. I’m still very interested and would be glad to speak briefly if the role is still open. So that one’s okay. And then if that bio link was actually good, then that would be all right. Right?
Yeah.
Yeah. It also links it also links them to our to our app, which is good. We want people using it like knowing about it.
I was going to say that the personal CTA would be a good spot there.
It’s just it just sets it up nicely.
The one with the judge we just put that in now, so I wouldn’t expect it to be in there.
I think I’ve set it up nicely.
Okay.
All right So tell me more about what you want to do. So for the personalized CTA, we had that in the.
We are. I can see it. If you scroll up, it was working on it before. We already talked about it a little bit.
But we didn’t talk about it on this screen. So that was.
No.
That was for the other one.
No. We didn’t talk about it on that screen. No.
So that’s why I’m I’m wondering, like, how how we want to integrate it here.
I’m not pushing back I’m just curious how we’re going to do it.
I think that, you know, it would just be it’d be clickable. If you go up, I think if you go up to that section,
does it have it up here more?
Yeah. So for each person, right, it has.
Over here. Over here. Oh, good. Go up. There.
Where does it have offer link? So there’s a personalized CTA. Oh, offer. Yeah. Yeah. There should be a like, I should I feel like it should be a click.
Well, the way it’s treating it here it’s kind of using the same language in a different way. So it has your email follow-up too, which it’s calling a soft CTA.
Or it maybe it just has a soft CTA. And then
it you select your context layers, your special instructions. Right. And then it gives you that.
So I mean, I just feel like it should be a clickable option. Like, if you want to so if you’re going to put the bio link, maybe it should be included in the bio link. Like, if you’re going to include the bio link in your email, you want them you have to specifically tell them to click on the bio link. So that’s why we’re going to use the personalized CTA when we use the bio link. We don’t want to just throw a bio link like that. We want we want it to have a we want to have a personalized CTA when using the bio link.
It just sets it up nicer. It just sounds better.
Yeah. Naturally. If they select to have the bio link in their message,
generated on the campaign screen.
They need a personalized CTA preceding it. So it’s not just an orphaned link at the bottom.
Yeah. Your computer’s about to die.
Yeah. I saw that. I’ll go put it.
Yeah. Plug it in here.
Yeah. All right Yeah, man. I’m going to have to I’ve got a treadmill, like a walking treadmill. Like, I’m going to bring it upstairs and put it in my office because I have a desk that I can raise up and I can stand at. Right. But it’s it doesn’t help just to stand in place. It actually still hurts.
So sitting and standing are both hurting my back. But I think walking in place would be okay. My back doesn’t hurt when I walk. It hurts when I stand in place with a head back surgery a few years ago. So it’s still.
You should do like back surgeries.
Yeah. You’re right. I should do back stretches. I should do back exercises. I’ve been kind of, I don’t know.
Need to be a little bit more attentive to my my
Wasn’t having any issues, so I got kind of lazy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But yeah. You can work it into my routine for sure.
That’s what’s starting to hurt pretty bad. Okay. So if they select to have the bio link and their message generated on the campaign screen, they need a personalized CTA preceding it. So it’s not just often at the bottom. It’s still working on something else, so.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
That’s good
Okay.
Well, I guess we’ll.
You still you still.
Yeah.
You still have to change your screen. I can’t see your screen anymore.
Oh, okay. Um, let me get back to it.
I’ll share my other screen. Um,
um let me bring these things up.
Where are you gonna test that Like, where’s Teams?
I know there it is. Okay. So let me share.
Sorry about that Okay.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Um, it’s coming up yeah.
I know I’ve got this too.
It complements itself sometimes. It’s kind of funny. It’s like, “Excellent analysis. Great.”
Mm-hmm.
Let me fix the campaign message generation. The core issues are.
Excellent analysis.
Or maybe it is talking about what I said. I don’t know. Um, research brief labels leaking into output.
Duplicate best in bio URL.
Bad one-liner pass-through no tone enforcement. Let me read the key sections.
All right Afterwards,
after you do the fixes,
push and create a PR, so we can test.
Pull releases of PR. It’s when you have the top on GitHub, and now you just need to approve it, and then the PR, the, the code you just pushed to GitHub is ready to be deployed, and anyways. Call the pull release or a PR.
All day long it worked where we’re saying, “Hey, approve my PR. Approve my PR.” Because you need to.
What’s a PR What’s a CTA?
Pull pull release. Or pull regressed.
Ah.
So push request, pull request, whatever. The point is, is you can’t just, like, change the code for the app that, like, five people are working on. There needs to be some coordination. So the people aren’t just overriding each other’s work. So you do.
Yeah.
You have PR and then someone else has to approve it, you know, preferably look at it. So see if there’s anything crazy in there. And then, um, and then the, you know, you have to approve theirs. They have to approve yours. And so you’re not you guys are kind of, you know, making sure you’re you know, not overriding each other’s stuff.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
So you do a PR. Nobody just writes directly to the app. There’s, like, your own branch, and then the merged branches are merged every, every time you do an update by another person.
Mm-hmm.
That’s smart to me.
And then, like, and then with junior devs, you know, you actually, like, carefully look at their shit and be like, “Do they do they know what they’re doing? Do they, like, vibe code this thing and pay attention?” Which I’m actually doing right now, but the, um, you know, it work anyway. There’s a little more the, the company our client, right, is, um, AbbVie Pharmaceuticals, which is a 360-billion-dollar client.
So if we.
Mm-hmm.
You know, if we lose that client, people get fired because there’s no money to pay them. So.
Mm-hmm.
You know, there’s no, no room for like, mess-ups. Everybody’s very careful.
We can free we let a little bit here because, you know, we’re trying to move fast and if we break something, we can fix it. But if the if AbbVie sees something broken, that’s, you know, potentially a that’s a problem. If somebody’s like, “You know what? These guys are jokers. Let’s quit them.”
Yeah.
Yeah, kind of, so.
Um.
It’s yeah.
Let’s see here. Campaign messages fix signal labels. Offer strong.
Yeah, we did it all It changes it already, man.
So it’s up there. So now I just need to go to GitHub and approve it. So let me do that.
Where’s this thing GitHub. I’ll let you watch my GitHub clicking so you know what’s going on.
So interview pull request. I’ll just refresh this. So then we view pull request. So we did all this stuff right now. We moved M dashes. See all that stuff we did? We moved M dashes, fixed the contact search. Rewrite the LinkedIn note,
widened contact search limits to return more results. Remember, we want more contacts. Fixed the offer screen one-liner, add generate new buttons for hard and soft CTAs, add personalized CTA type, and fixed bio screen. Make bio page slugs stable and unique per user account. Um, you know, because the slug was giving me about and fixed the campaign message and strip. So maybe some of those things will actually work, right? And then can, can merge it.
And now I’ll go to this one. It detects it right away, which is pretty cool because it’s like a totally different site. So it’s kind of neat that it’s constantly checking my GitHub account, like, every few seconds, you know? I think that’s cool.
Yeah, that’s nice.
Kind of a neat service. Doesn’t cost much either. It’s like 10 bucks a month or something. For it to be, like, constantly queuing my thing, like, is it checking? Is it is it working? And then it, it within a, like, five seconds, it already knew it it had been pushed. It’s already building it. Pretty cool.
All right
Technology these days is pretty fun.
Yeah, you know, you know what I’m going to show you now? Um,
I think I sent you a text, but I didn’t give you much context to it. Um,
Tristan Harris has a lot of good things to say about AI and everything.
Yeah.
It was really good. I think the most edge uh, the most interesting thing he talked about is, um,
like, the, the, the danger with AI is that you it’s just it’s obviously, it’s super powerful. Um, like, uh, technology, right? It’s uh-oh. Crashed. Crashed for a second ago.
Um, anyway crashed.
Wonder why. Let’s see.
I don’t know why it crashed, but, um,
let’s see.
Maybe we gave it too much.
Nah.
Huh I don’t know
I don’t know Restart.
Oh, okay.
Sure
All right Well, that’s building. Um, I was going to say it was Tristan Harris is a really cool, um,
perspective. Um,
you know, I can I can give you a lot more detail about what he says.
Mm-hmm.
Um, but, like, to just give you a snapshot without much detail. The idea that he proposes that I think is really really, really good. Um, because right now, um, there’s about 2,500, um,
being put into progress for AI. And only $1 to every 2,500, um, like, into governance, into safeguards, into
um you know,
ethics or or or, um, anything like that. Um, and, and, and the issue is we’re, like, an arms race of trying to, like, “Oh, they’re going to go do they’re going to do this with this AI. Oh, so we’re, we’re going to be dumped in a punch.” And we’re going to, uh, you know, get our AI faster. And we keep doing this. And we put it and we keep putting, like, 2,500 to, to every $1 in, in governance. Sooner or later, something’s going to be really, really bad.
And and it’s a it’s a discussion around, like, “Okay, progress is important, yes, but, you know, we can’t just act like this is this isn’t some kind of nuclear bomb we’re going to throw off.” And there’s, there’s going to be some kind of problem at some point, you know?
Yeah, same, same issue.
It’s a different issue. So, like, right, every time I come back here, all this stuff’s gone. So, so yeah, um, I so I think it’s going to happen is we’re going to have all this AI progress. And, um, like you said, like, there’s not a lot of, like, security things because it’s much more exciting to see it, like, you know, sell the next big thing.
Yeah.
Um, but then at some point, it’s going to reach kind of a bottleneck, right? Because AI progress is pretty exciting, but it will reach a point where we’re like, “All right, we’ve created lots of great stuff. Now we have more security issues than we have a need to advance it any further.” Like, AI is moving really fast right now because we’re kind of catching up with our ideas. Like, once we’ve caught up to everything the sci-fi movies has already guessed was going to happen, right? At some point, we’re just going to be like, “Shit, we’ve got more problems than we’ve got things that we need fixed.” So they’re just going to be, like, a whole bunch of, um,
let me look at this error. There’s just going to be a whole bunch of need for that security stuff later. And then people will slow down with the AI advancement and, and there’ll be a lot of people specializing in, in, you know, like, AI security stuff. Which is, you know, it’s just kind of how things are. Um,
yeah.
Yeah. No, just to, like, to scale it up to I was using a calculator. To scale it up to give you some idea. Like,
for every 250000 put being put into progress, only 100 bucks is only 100 bucks is, is being put into, like, you know, safeguards and everything like that.
Yeah.
And it’s, it’s it’s ridiculously outpacing.
Sure
Um,
so.
Yeah, it’s like we’re human, and we want our dopamine, and we want it now.
So we’re going to do the, the shortcut, and we’re going to get our, like, we’re going to be shortsighted. And that’s just a given. That’s just the nature of humanity. It’s not like we’re all doomed. It’s more like, well, we’re going to have some real problems that are going to come up. And they’re going to make us money in different ways. Because now they’ll be this will be a really good time to get your degree and, like, cybersecurity. Because the demand for that, while people aren’t taking it seriously enough now, like I said, we’re going to reach a bottleneck where there’s just, like, plenty of AI growth. Because, like, everybody in it’s so accessible. Like, like, software has been democratized. Like, everybody can do it if they want to. And so there’s just going to be so many products and so many issues and so many cool things, but also so many tools for hackers and just, like, lots of vulnerabilities. And that’s great because that’s just more demand for another job title. So I just think there’s going to be, like, so many cybersecurity jobs. Like, that is one thing that there is no doubt, like, I mean, everybody can do AI, but cybersecurity is a lot harder. So yeah, you’re just going to need to know what to look for, where the vulnerabilities are, and be able to find them. Yeah, you can have the AI look for vulnerabilities, but to really understand, like, what, you know, what the concerns are, they’re going to want experts in that.
Like, you, you.
It’s going to be huge.
Especially with these huge regulated organizations, like I mentioned, our client in this huge client, pharmaceutical companies, or any kind of healthcare stuff, they’re, like, super regulated. Once somebody hacks that and gets into client information, the, the lawsuits get into the tens or hundreds of millions of dollars. And, um,
yeah, for privacy is a big problem. So yeah, man, like, it’s definitely going to hit. The shit the shit is going to hit the fan. But it’s okay.
It’s going to be a problem. People are going to die.
It’s not going to be bad.
People are going to lose their jobs. People are going to get fired because shit gets fucked. People are going to get in big trouble. Things are going to get broken. Hackers are going to take over whole banks. There’s going to be real issues. There are going to be real legit issues. It’s going to cost many companies billions of dollars. The careful ones will survive. I mean, shit, UnitedHealthcare, where I worked at before this, got hacked twice right where they got ransomware took over the system, and they had to pay somebody in fucking India or somewhere for, like, like to un to un like like to give them back their software. That happened twice.
Yeah, yeah.
They got fucking a billion dollars, man.
Yeah.
That’s insane. Like, a hacker successfully became a billionaire by hacking UnitedHealthcare. And that was on the news. Everybody knew about it. This happened last year.
That’s just the beginning. It’s really bad for the reputation. They’re stuck suck right now.
It’s going to get bad. It’s going to get worse. It’s going to get worse.
They lost Blue Cross Blue Shield as a client because of that. Like, that’s huge. That’s like billions of dollars of revenue every year. Like, it’s going to get worse.
So yeah, people are going to get in trouble. People shit’s going to get hacked. But it’s not the end of the world. It’s like it’s going to be kind of stressful for some CEOs who weren’t careful enough. And then a whole bunch of jobs are going to get created around cybersecurity. A ton. It’s going to be like the new, like, high-paid job. Because everybody can make AI shit, but not everybody can, like, fix broken AI systems, you know, hack.
Well, yeah. I mean, if you look at the if you look back in history in the nuclear bomb, after they created the nuclear bomb, they had to spend, like, 50 years on safeguards you know, you know, doing, like, seismic graphs and checking, like, if there’s a big chemical explosion somewhere in the world. Like, because you know, we built this big giant nuclear bomb, but now we got to, you know, create safeguards on people not building one themselves or, or, or whatever. Like, so it’s it could get it could get really fucking crazy. You know, because that’s that’s what this is. AI is just like it’s like a nuclear weapon.
Yeah.
It has it has a lot of fucking potential, a lot of power. And you got to be careful with all this power that you’re that you’re getting through AI, you know?
Yeah, I’ve seen some interesting interviews, like podcast stuff. You know, people are really paranoid about, like, AI is going to, like, break the world or something. I don’t know, man. Like, some of that shit’s, like, fearmongering, I think. Like, I don’t think it’s quite that crazy. There are going to be some major paradigm shifts. And there’s going to be some major economic collapse. Like, like, big time. But it isn’t going to, like, take over the world where we all lose our rights and we’re all, like, imprisoned by robots. Like, come on.
Like, let’s be real. Like, we would be able to it’s not that’s it’s like you ever watch Walking Dead, right? And, um, and, like, my wife really likes that show. I’ve seen it with her a little bit, but she’s really into it. And, um,
so, like, you’re in this world, and zombies that walk slow as fuck right take over the world and suddenly all society breaks.
You’re telling me we couldn’t fucking deal with these slow-ass zombies?
Like, they fucking, like, stumble at you.
And yeah, if you they bite you, you fucking get become a zombie. But, like,
I could fucking outrun that shit. I could blow that shit up, like, how hard is it for, like, the military to deal with some, like, stumbling around dead people? Like,
they’re, like, dead bodies that have some kind of virus or whatever, you know what I mean? Like.
Yeah.
Even the World War Z where they go super fast. Like, I don’t think they would take over the world, man. They’re not smart. Like, the reason humans are the most successful species isn’t because we’re, like, you know, it’s because we’re smart. It’s not because of anything else. It’s not because of how the deadly virus in the mouth.
On the other yeah, I mean, the other issue, though, I think that we’re going to run into is, like, human beings we don’t communicate with each other as much as we should. And if we have all these AI agents out here and they got their own you know, notebook, their own social media and everything, they’re communicating with each other. And they’re talking to each other and all these things. Are happening very, very fast. And they’re learning faster than we could ever learn. So.
Are they really Because I don’t think they’re I mean, yeah, multibook is just sort of an experiment, but I don’t think it’s, like,
they’re not really talking to each other. I mean, most of the time, it doesn’t do anything unless you send it a prompt. And then it does your prompt, gives you the output, and then it’s back in the, like, ether of doing absolutely nothing and not even thinking anymore.
But there’s been many cases where there wasn’t a case, though. There’s a there’s one case in, like, Alibaba where the AI would rogue and start, like, mining cryptocurrency.
You got to fix the bug here.
Well, that’s cool. I mean, so supposedly, I kind of think someone was behind that, honestly. But I don’t think I don’t think that, like, this shit wants to fucking mine cryptocurrency. Someone gave it a prompt and told it to do that shit. That’s my guess. I don’t know.
I know the other one. I know the other one where it said it gave it access to, like, all the email records. And then one of the one of the then CEO said, like, oh, we’re going to shut down this AI. And that is, like, self-preservation. It tried it. It tried to, like, blackmail the CEO. It tried to shut it down.
Okay, good. So there’s some progress here. Sorry I didn’t change the subject. We’ll get back to the work here. So I clicked on Airtable. I did run the company analysis. I didn’t get that weird about me broken thing. And I don’t see HTMLs in the descriptions anymore. So we’re making a little bit of progress.
It says 0 out of 10 selected, which is accurate. These are a little more descriptive. So let’s see. It gives us a little about us, right? Airtable is empowering people to bring their creative visions to life, learn more about the company, your mission, and M. I don’t know what that means. Oh, it’s because I need to expand. Oh.
Oh.
And our mission, our meet a leadership team. There you go. That’s kind of dumb, but I’m going to leave it alone because it’s not a priority. And then we got the signal is product launch. Probably could make it so we don’t see the variable name. Give it, like, a human-friendly name. Let me just tell it that real quick while we’re thinking about it.
So this is on the on the research page.
Yeah.
On the research page. The signal is very names are shown as badges.
Like,
signal is product launch.
And signal is leadership change.
And signal is partnership. And was there another one? Signal is hiring signal.
Instead, the
badges headings should just say product launch.
Partnership.
Hiring. Signal.
Etc.
And those above each of those.
Okay. That should do it. Moving on back to this. All right. But yeah, this is much better, right?
And then I have my changes here. I have my changes.
I know It’s nice when it does that. I’m using Claude now, I think, is a little bit better. Oh, you can actually get a more expanded thing too. So if you click details, it’s not just not just this. It’s a little bit more.
Ooh
So you really want to dig This is kind of summarizes, which is good. I’m glad it collapses because, you know, otherwise, it’s TMI. So, like, the air, that one gets a little bigger.
Market expansion.
Some of them have details. Only some of them. Not all of them.
This signal is one that looks like they don’t, right? All these ones that are say signal is.
I think they’re all from signals, though. Signal is is what that.
Well, the ones with these weird these weird badges, they’re the ones that don’t expand.
Seems like the colors. It seems like it’s color-based.
There you go. Well, anyways, I’m happy with the ones that do. And I think it’s cool that they collapse because I don’t necessarily want to see all that, right, right away. Not all at once on one screen. I want to be able to.
I like it though That’s actually really nice.
Yeah. This is like, a lot of information. So, like, you may have a, like, as a job applicant, you might have, like, a specific interest to, like, I’m really interested in their Airtable. It also makes our product look more, like, comprehensive in terms of our approach. Like, we’re really, like, we’re really empowering the job seeker to approach this with as much intelligence as possible.
Which is the whole thing. You want to have research. Yeah.
It will help when we do like, a YouTube about it, to, like, really dig in because we can really show them something impressive. Like, you know, I can show culture and values and market position because, you know, ultimately, we’re trying to make a sale, right? So if we want to close the deal, we’d be like, so what are we getting when we buy Role Ferry? Like, what are we getting that’s so unique? Because, like, and you can just list stuff for an hour. Like, you’re getting a lot. You don’t have to use it all, but it’s all there. And if you want to know, like, the recent product launches for the company, the it’s all in one spot. There’s, like, a dozen screens, right? You click through each of these screens, and they have, like, everything you could every angle you could possibly want to take a job search. It’s comprehensive. It’s got all the information.
That’s pretty good.
You could possibly want. And more. I mean, and then we can have upgrade options if they want to go deeper. But most people can probably get themselves hired, which is really just, like, I told you when I first met you, like, all I really care about is, like, give me a job. Like, I need a job in two months or I’m going to dip into my savings and run out real fast. So yeah.
Well, it was really about effort. Like, I keep telling you, you know, it’s because you did put a lot more effort into your average banner, if you will.
Well, you know, I’m me. But, you know, the.
Oh, what’s this
So this is Mike. So we’ve got here we were on.
A lot more detail in here. What happened?
Yeah. So we’ve got signals for outreach that we took from the previous screen.
Oh, you clicked them from the previous screen. So now they showed up here.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, there’s a source button.
Yeah. So let’s see if they actually work, though. Let’s see if it’ll actually take me to a link. It’s an accurate one, an actual page, or is it just going to be broken? Nope. There it is. Marketa points Mike Molotov as chief.
Look at that That is huge.
That’s nice. Let’s see.
It’s so much nicer to have a source button
There it is.
Separate.
So it’s legit. This Mike guy is the CEO, and you’re going to send him an email. Hey, Mike.
Oh, yeah, dude.
I noticed they’ve been saying about you. A lot of shit about you on the CFO.com and every website this is. Been reading a lot about you lately. Be like, really? I’m famous.
And then yeah.
That’s pretty cool.
So yeah, we got a little research here, but we’ve already got some stuff there. So we can talk about these things. So let’s see if this is still stupid. Hi, Mike. I reviewed your profile and want to connect. Always good to expand the network with people at Marketa. Let’s connect. That’s kind of what you wrote, right?
Pretty good.
I mean, that’s kind of what you asked for.
But I think that I I think I put in, like, industry. I reviewed your profile. This I reviewed your profile was more the interest one. I think that was I gave you three options.
The interest, there was interest-based connect note. There was, like,
an industry-based connect note. And then I’m always happy to learn from leaders like you, kind of note.
So it missed some of the nuance of it, but it did get it. Yeah. It just missed some of the nuance that I wrote in.
I wonder I noticed another bug. So here I’ve got four people. They’re all Marketa, but it only gave me the signals for Mike.
Did you bring them over? Did you?
It did bring them over, but it only brought them over for Mike, but they’re all they’re all Marketa people. Like, these are the four people.
You should bring it over for all.
When I clicked Mike, we saw them all which is really cool. It just that they should also be in these other places.
Yeah, because it’s company-based. It shouldn’t be based off of the individual.
Yeah, it is company-based.
Yeah.
Well, it’s in the transcript. Maybe I’ll just do that after so we can progress. I see this URL here. I wonder if that’s because it’s.
What happened? What happened?
Oh, I need because I think I’m looking at an old page, so I’m going to regenerate.
Oh, it’s because I’m looking at the Airtable one that I generated previously. I think.
Oh, yeah. So that’s the old page.
There we go. Cleaned it up. There it is.
That was an old that was an old save. There you go. Problem solved. It didn’t regress.
Look, how to get a job as a software.
Here’s just how to get a job right there.
There you go.
How to get a job as a software engineer.
Noticed it didn’t fit. Oh, I didn’t tell we haven’t uploaded those changes yet.
All right So we’re going to save research for this. I’m just curious why Marketa regenerate. Maybe I didn’t did I not select the contacts?
Maybe. I’m not sure.
I want to make sure it wasn’t because I didn’t click something. Let me go back to match again.
So we got these people. Wait, where is it? Oh, it’s under contact.
Oh, I see Mike, chief Nojuma.
Chief Nojuma person.
No, chief is not a real person.
So that happens.
Chief is not a real person I don’t know why I even clicked that. Didn’t mean to. Can I remove this? Okay. No, I guess I can’t. I need to be able to remove it.
Okay.
We only have four people we wanted to we wanted more.
We did Okay. So on the this is just for the transcript. I’ll try to fix it after the call. So on the contacts screen, when we
are trying to generate we click the we click the filters.
We tell it the company we want to look at, like Marketa, for example. And we click the job titles, and we selected them all.
And we click the seniorities, and we select them all. And we click search.
And we save and continue.
Oh, don’t want to save and continue. We want to do a search.
It added a person. It added a Karen.
There’s a Karen now.
So it dug a little deeper.
So there you go. It got 10% better.
20% better, technically.
The weird thing is so if I let’s say I click all these guys, and we’re doing this in the wrong order.
Like,
let’s say I click all these, and I save and continue.
And now I’m on the value propositions screen.
It has the personalized one now. I want to see if it generates it.
Are you still on the call?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, okay. Sorry, I didn’t know. There we are. Generate new. So I have a few ideas that might be useful. Open to a couple. It’s not very personalized. Generate new. If this sounds relevant, I’d love 10 minutes to complete compare notes. Let’s try another.
No, compare again. No, 10 minutes.
Would a brief call be useful? I can share concrete examples.
No, it’s not.
Okay, let’s see what happens with this one.
Personalized CTA is a soft CTA.
It sets them up for the buyer link. That’s what the personalized CTA is.
Okay. So for the transcript, the personalized CTA should point to the bio.
Yeah, and it should.
Yeah, it’s a soft CTA. All right. And then so generate new. We’re going to play with this button. So let’s see if it works. So could we do a quick call Tuesday or Thursday? And of course, they can edit it if they want to change the days. If this sounds relevant, I’d love 10 minutes to compare notes.
Interesting to see how this could work on your team. Let’s find 10 minutes. So far, these seem fine. Right?
Yeah. So I mean, the main thing is that you for the hard the main differentiator is for the hard CTAs, you’re asking for time.
For the soft CTAs, you’re not asking for time. You’re asking to continue the conversation. That’s the big difference.
But it seems to be doing correctly already.
Curious if this resonates. No worries either way.
If it’s on your radio or not at the right moment, like these are fine. Worth exploring.
Yeah, those are fine.
Okay. For hard CTA,
right
Yeah. No, this is good. The personalized CTA is the only one I need.
All right So we’re going to leave the strong hard CTA alone. They’re fine. We’re going to personalize. It needs to point to the bio by saying, “Learn more about me,” or whatever.
Yes. Yeah. Because it’s soft. It should not talk anything about 5, 10 minutes. It’s just trying to continue to the exploration of this candidacy.
If you want to see a one-page summary of who I am and what I’m about, click here.
Yeah. You’re just trying to continue the conversation on the bio page. You’re not trying to schedule any time with them.
Yeah. Although there is a schedule button on the bio page, so they can click that.
But that’s the whole thing, though, because now they have full context of who you are, and they choose to set up a call. They now have all the resume information and all the bio and all the whole thing.
Yeah.
So I’ve generated these things. I can move forward. And we’ve got the bio page. See if it fixed this thing. Regenerate. Open a public page. And no good.
No good
No good If I do copy link, publish bio page.
Yeah, I don’t know what’s going on.
I’m going to tell about this right now because I’m annoyed. So when I don’t think the publish bio page works at all, it just takes me to a white screen and returns me to the original page. No created page.
All right Let’s just give it another shot at that.
There’s your links for your CTA. It used to work, and so it’s annoying. It’s called a regression.
It pisses off your team when something’s working, and then you break it, and then you show it on the demo, and it’s a regression that’s like something that was working that doesn’t work now. It’s definitely something to avoid when you’re trying to show software. It makes you look like you don’t know what the fuck you’re doing.
Yeah, that sounds terrible.
So that’s to be avoided. So that’s why you want to check your shit. But I’ve been off the focus for a little bit, so I’ll get back into it. So let’s see. So it’s publish your bio page to continue. So since I say publish bio page,
and there you go. It didn’t work, but say, “Well, let me save and continue.” So it’s not published.
It won’t let me save and continue on the bio page screen because the publish bio page button is not working.
I’ve gotten so used to the whole prompt writing instead of coding. It’s kind of nice. Trying to figure out where these functions and stuff work on the code as well. More tedious. All right. So I can’t click the save and continue button, but I can click the apply button. And we can let’s see. Find more jobs.
Yeah.
The whole apply thing is a whole nother can of worms. I just want to make sure that the campaigns were because that whole apply thing is such another problem.
Yeah. Okay. You’re right. So I clicked generate all four emails. For this guy, for this Danielle girl. So she gets two emails: one too soft. All right. Too hard.
Let’s try just to see if that’s a I’ve never gotten this to work, but just for the hell of it.
So then that worked for there. So I noticed Airtable with the company cares about email sucks stuff.
This email
I noticed Airtable
What’s that
I don’t know
That’s fine.
I noticed Airtable with the company cares about and I thought that what I thought at the moment this is funny.
It’s just so literal.
Yeast, yeast. That’s right, isn’t it? Yeast, yeast. Yeah, that’s right. Yeast together. Look, it was pieced together.
Sloppily without reformatting. Also, the user should be able to get a different sounding email based on the tone.
Voice.
A select.
Okay.
All right That’s like maybe the second one’s better.
Just a quick follow-up on my previous note about director software engineering, product platform. I’m still very interested and would be glad to speak briefly. So that one’s cleaner. I don’t know why it fucks up the first one so much.
That first one is terrible.
If you got this university to yeah.
The first one is actually the most important because the first one has the most context content.
And it’s like they might block you if you fuck it up. And then you’d be able to see the second one. So end up in their spam folder. So hi, Danielle. I wanted to share a few highlights from my work. It’s probably split better spacing, right? Like that.
Yeah, this is nice.
I wanted to share a few highlights from my work that align with what teams typically need in a director software engineering product platform.
I mean, I think one thing I’m noticing is that this whole the title should be stated more succinctly. Right?
I’m not sure how much more. Yeah.
This message.
Title. Should be stated more succinctly. So it flows in sentence form.
Yeah.
There’s copy and paste. The title does not work in a sentence with the dashes.
And I think we should keep the job.
Well, I mean, I think my opinion is that it would be okay for the sentence purposes. What the teams typically need in a director, or you could even say what software teams typically need in a director.
Or what software teams in product platform teams need in a director. But what need in software software engineering, product platform, it just sounds so robotic.
Yeah. You don’t want yeah. I think you got it. I think you got it right. You just want it to you want to reference it in a more human-sounding way.
Yeah. This is like copy and paste of this shit. I mean, it’s not as bad as the first email, but yeah. Anyways, deployment efficiency by 100%. See, that’s just like badly worded. This doesn’t pray or redundant.
So this kind of redundance is needs to be filled.
I think we can fix that, right?
What’s that?
You can fix that
Probably not. Not on this screen. I noticed it on the other screen.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
It’s not filtering it out here, so.
We did fix it on the other screen now.
I think so. So I realize your time is limited. So this will be my final message. And then I’ll kill myself because you never wrote me back and I’m sad and depressed. If the role has been filled or I’m not the right fit, no worries at all. I don’t really need a job. I can live at my parents’ basement.
If there’s someone else, I should speak with. I’ll be grateful for an introduction. Interested in seeing how this is so sad, right?
Isn’t it sound so sad Best is twice.
So that’s CTA, isn’t that needed? It just sounds terrible.
Sounds terrible Some of the messages have the sign off twice.
Like best, best. Be best.
Melania wrote it Best
We should take out the second CTA. Go back to his message.
Yeah.
Go back to the body.
Ms. Super Saturday, what’s up, Ms. Super Saturday?
Yeah. I’ll be grateful for interaction as you handed the statement. Interested in seeing how this could work. Take that shit out.
I see.
So how do we get it to take the shit out Because it’s going to write a new email each time. So what are we saying to the AI right now?
We’re saying keep it at keep it at.
So no CTA. So I mean, so the tone. Yeah. So well, no. Okay.
So this is email four Final check-in. Does it have a hard CTA or not?
No.
Because according to this, it has a hard CTA.
It does. Yeah. But I mean, the way that’s worded is good enough. It just doesn’t look good with that second CTA.
Yeah. So what I’m saying is maybe we don’t want hard CTAs for email four.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Because I think that’s what you’re saying, basically, right? So we’ll generate this tone. Fucking shit doesn’t work. It’s pissing me off. I wanted some hilarious shit. See, this is oh, it’s the same. Yeah, it’s not doing that. They’re all fucking sad.
The tone does not work. The tone.
The tone selector is not affecting the email output at all on the campaign screen.
Okay. I don’t know It’s just like not even part of the prompt. Clearly, it didn’t even regenerate a new one when I changed it. Okay.
So for the email four, for the email four, hard CTA does not belong. Do we want a hard CTA for two and three and not for four?
Yeah. One and two CTA.
Hard or soft
Yeah. One and two is soft.
Okay.
Three is hard And then the fourth one is also soft.
Okay. If you’re sure. Seems like two of them should be hard, but why not?
For email, on the.
I think you’re going to get kind of a response to it. What we’re looking for is kind of replies.
The second email should have the hard CTA. The first, third, and fourth email should have a soft CTA. Okay?
Yeah. Remember, they can also respond back to a soft CTA with a let’s say a 15-minute time.
Sure Why not All right. Let’s see.
Do we have so here we have how many of these guys we got here. So we got for multiple so we got a few from Marketta and a few for Airtable because those are the only ones that I collected from the other screens, right?
So it says four It tells you how many are drafted. That’s helpful. Right? Here, I only drafted one message. Right? For Gabe. I can keep going.
That’s helpful
All right So it tells me a little bit. So that’s good. Generate all four emails. There. It says all four drafted now. And then if I want to change them,
it’s fine.
I’m just good to die I’m just good to die.
That’s fine. It’s like this guy’s a brat.
All right So here we go. And we can continue. Generate all four. I mean, if they want, if they don’t want to proofread, like if we get to the point where they really trust it, right, they’re just like, “It always gives me great output. This is not a person. We’re going to skip that one.” All right.
And then Mr. Mike, who’s actually TCEO, and we know it’s true because we read four articles about it, right? So then we can save is it going to save and continue? See, why isn’t it saving and continuing? That’s the problem.
Save up there. Save up there.
And then I got an API post there. That’s not good. Oh, maybe because it doesn’t have any A campaign ID.
I don’t know
Kind of an issue with this. All right. Let’s see what’s going on here.
That’s important. We have to make sure that works. That internal data for us as the owners.
Save button on the top gives me an error.
That’s the way that that’s the way that we track what campaigns are working for everybody else.
So we do need to make that work.
Yeah.
So I’m just going to copy and paste this.
Because what’s going to happen is once we’re this app is running and it’s doing good, then we can prompt our own AI to say, “Look at all the different campaigns and what was the most successful one.” You know what I mean?
Yeah.
This is me copying and pasting stuff from the errors.
Oh, okay.
Don’t worry about it.
It’s just how I tell the robots, some robot stuff so it can have more info.
All right So we can’t save and continue, but we can click up here, and then we launch.
But you get what I’m saying?
Which part
You get what I’m saying
No, I don’t. You have to repeat it I’m not sure what you’re referring to.
Oh. The point of campaign ID and everything?
Mm-hmm.
Is like, once we get this app going and we got a lot of users and a lot of people are creating different campaigns, then we can ask our own app, which was the best campaign, and it could tell us based off the campaign ID of which one that did the best.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Totally. We mean it. Yeah. For sure. That’s very good data. Data will matter a lot, especially as we scale. Super important.
Yeah.
So you want to look at these LinkedIn connection notes, see if they’re coming out what you want? Hi, Danielle. I reviewed your profile and wanted to connect. They’re all exactly the same. All right.
We could probably
Exactly the same.
Yeah. So maybe.
We have three different variants. There’s three different variants of connect notes.
Okay.
For the, what’s it called? The launch screen? For the launch screen,
we need more variety in the LinkedIn connect notes.
Not deterministic.
Ones that are all the same. We can look at something from like one of the match, right? One of the, what do you call them, pain point matches?
Yeah.
The AI thinks will best bridge the relationship and write a message that is compelling, but succinct.
Yeah.
That will likely invite a response and connection.
Yeah.
Yeah. So let’s say
The variance goes from just being like interest. It’s like connecting with interest.
It could be connecting based off of like doesn’t always like what did I say? In this message. So one’s based off interest. The other one is based off of I enjoy connecting with leaders in the industry.
Always good to expand my network of people who aren’t and people running great firms like yours. So it’s almost like collaborate. It’s almost like a flabber angle to that.
And then the standard one is I’m highly willing. I’m looking to work with industry like whatever industry.
Owners.
Across the particular location that you want to work at. So that one’s kind of that’s probably your most generic one.
So I said for the launch screen, we need more variety in LinkedIn connect notes, not deterministic ones that are all the same. We need we can look at something we can look at something pain point matches. At the AI thing, well, whatever it’s, they’ll figure out what I mean. At the AI thinks will be best bridge the relationship and write a message that is compelling but succinct that will likely invite a response and connection. I mean, I’m using GPT-5.4 now. I mean, it should be smart enough to figure out what I’m talking about, right? They can connect on an interest, one of their recent publications, or if nothing else, they can say something flattering about them or their company. Right now, the default version that is showing up is too generic and not interesting. Hi, Gabe. I reviewed your profile.
Yeah.
I didn’t want to connect. Always good to expand the network with people at Airtable. Let’s connect. So yeah.
Yeah.
That should do it Yeah. It’s smarter AI now. So I should be getting better. So we generated those. Then we have the emails for instantly. So this is the part we’ve been working on. So add your own email account. Let’s just say dave@davemarch.com. Just kidding.
Well, why not Is that with coachdavemarch.com? Is that right?
Yeah. dave@coachdavemarch.com.
Yeah. All right. I’m going to add that. Okay.
Just to see what happens. And then we got email behavior. Stop sending emails unreply.
Yep
Yeah. Stop sending emails on autoreply.
Yeah. Oh, we should also have a stop campaign company on reply.
We should also have a button to continue.
Well, wouldn’t that just be like unchecking this?
Yeah. But yeah. It’s more for LinkedIn. Yeah. It’s more for it’s still like it’s more like it’s more for LinkedIn than it is for email because if it’s an email, they’re going to give you something good. That’s more for LinkedIn. Yeah. What I mean by that is like on LinkedIn, let’s say you send them a connect message. They respond back with, “Thanks for connecting.” That’s the only time you would actually use that because thanks for connecting is a reply, but it doesn’t go anywhere. You.
Right now this isn’t connecting to their LinkedIn.
Yeah.
It gives you a message that you need to go into your LinkedIn account and copy and paste. There’s no connection.
Yeah.
Which we may be like, you know, it requires like a 10-minute video to show them how to like use their own damn LinkedIn account. Right? I don’t know.
We can automate it I mean, I know those tools. I think we want to launch something.
Yeah. You really got to be careful, though. I wouldn’t automate anything on LinkedIn.
Yeah. That’s like against their policy and shit, so. I mean, I think copying and pasting a connect message, you know, I don’t know. It’s already doing the most.
That’s the best way to do it. Yeah.
I mean, it’s certainly, if nothing else, it’s
phase one because we don’t want to be like trying to make this app harder to release. I don’t even know how to do that safely without getting banned, so. Pre-warned accounts.
Tracking down
We’ve already got yours there.
Link tracking.
Sending pattern Time gap between emails. We got minimum time five minutes.
Yeah.
10 minutes. Is that the standard there? Auto-optimized deliverability. Provider matching. Matches your lead’s email provider with your mailbox provider for boosted deliverability.
Yeah. That’s good
It is faster. I noticed when I sent someone anyways, like within Denali or whatever. And then insert up unsubscribe link header. Automatically adds an unsubscribe link. So they don’t like that.
No.
No
Well, I mean, it’s.
I mean, it gives them the option.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. You can turn it on and off. Yeah. I’d say you’re typically going to turn it off because if there’s an unsubscribe link in there, they’re going to think immediately that you didn’t write it.
So we can show the CC and BCC recipients to all emails. So if they want to like send themselves a copy or somebody a copy. And then allow risky emails is when you do that email verify, right? And it says like the email’s either verified or risky. We don’t send it any of the risky ones. Because you might be sending it to like some rando. Not that that really matters, but yeah. Anyways, launch. Air API boasts with everybody has to launch failed. Detailed non-authenticated. And that’s natural because we actually don’t have real user accounts and stuff.
Yeah.
And we haven’t properly connected this to your instantly thing.
Yeah.
So that might be a next step.
I think we did connect it We have our own instantly, don’t we?
Okay. Let me ask.
I think you put your own instantly properly.
Because I’m getting.
I remember we created a whole instantly account.
When I click on. Yeah. No, we did like spend some time on that. So when I click on launch campaign.
The bottom of the launch. Page.
With the page. On the instantly tab. The email. Instantly tab. Okay. And then I’m going to show the. This thing above here. Click it again. So it’s fresh.
Go up to this. Stuff here. Go to the console.
Copy the console. Paste the console.
And boom.
All right.
Well, we got a little stuff done today. Sorry for the long month off we took, right?
But yeah, let’s try to do this more often. I know I always say that. Let’s try for, I guess, Saturday and have Sunday be a fallback.
Does that work
Yeah. Well, Saturday night’s not always the easiest night to do real quick.
Okay.
But.
Sundays are probably better.
Friday night I go out more than Saturday night. But Saturday night, I go out sometimes.
Well, let’s touch base like on Friday. And then weekly. And then see whether Saturday or Sunday is going to work better for that specific weekend. And then we can just try to make sure we keep moving with this thing. I think it’s worthwhile project. And I think we’ll make money with it if we.
I think Saturday could be easier. I think Saturday during the day could be easier than Saturday during the night.
That’s probably workable. So we do this church. Church is what messes it up for me because my ideally, we’d wake up Sunday morning and go to church. But nobody wants to wake up early, right? Because we like to stay up late and watch movies on Saturday. So then we always say we’re going to go like Sunday morning. But then we end up going in the afternoon. But then sometimes we’re like, let’s get it over with on Saturday. So there’s like a 3:00 PM mass. And then there’s like a 4:30 mass. So they’re like, trying to do church on Saturday afternoon. And so I schedule something with you. And then my wife insists that we have to go to church in the afternoons. We have to go the next day. So that’s the unpredictability of church. You would think that would be like the most consistent thing. But it’s like the least predictable.
The most consistent.
Yeah. Yeah. That’s like what moves around. They can’t miss church. But you never know when it’s going to happen, so. So that’s why I like if we can communicate a little bit on Friday. I can be like, look, honey, we can’t do church on Saturday because I have a meeting. Or we have to do it on Sunday. Or we have to do it on Saturday. I can just like communicate that. And then there’s not like any last-minute like, fuck, I got to tell Dave that it’s canceled or whatever.
Yeah. I think it’s good.
If I miss church then I’m like going to hell. All these weird pressures, so. Bad fallback.
Yeah.
There’s a lot of.
Let’s keep it going, man.
There’s a lot of pressure around church.
Keep it doing good though
Yeah.
Making progress.
I think we did make some good progress. But after this call, I’m going to take the transcript and feed it back through to make sure we didn’t miss anything.
Okay.
And so we’re fresh for Saturday or Sunday.
Let’s fucking do it dude.
Let’s do it.
All right.
I just had a mouthful of Brazilian mess. It’s pretty good.
Brazilian mess
I got they got a lot of what’s that mineral?
Selenium
Magnesium.
You got selenium. Yeah.
Oh, selenium.
They got a thousand percent of the deal recommended on selenium.
I got a problem with magnesium. I need more magnesium. I’m trying to it’s hard to get enough magnesium in my body.
They have 29% of the daily recommended amounts of magnesium. 105 milligrams.
And 50% of the daily recommended amounts of copper. So.
Brazilian, so.
Yeah. So that’s they’re loaded with selenium. Selenium is something you know why I started eating them? Because I was talking to GPT about how to be healthy and also be on these crazy diets where I don’t eat carbs and don’t eat this and don’t eat that, right? They’re like, well, you need to be eating sardines. And I’m like, I don’t know, man. I don’t know. I don’t know if I can do sardines.
I’m like, because well, then they’re like, well, it’s pretty much the only way you’re going to get your selenium. I’m like, no, I don’t know if I’m going to be eating sardines.
I’m like, nah, bro
Yeah. There’s a line. I’m not sure sardines might be on the wrong side of the line. So it said, well, there’s a Brazil nuts. I’m like, well, shit. Let’s do that.
Why’d you give me fucking sardines?
But they’re like vegan. I know, right? And then it’s like, well, be careful because if you eat more than like four Brazil nuts a day, you could get like selenium poisoning. I’m like, what?
People eat lots of Brazil nuts. How’s that even possible? So apparently, you got to be careful of these because they got a lot of selenium. They’ve already got a thousand percent of the deal recommended amounts of selenium, right? For one-fourth of a cup.
So don’t be eating like two cups a day, man. You look like hurt yourself.
It takes a while to build up in your system. So there you go. You don’t have to eat sardines to get your selenium. You can eat Brazil nuts. Sell them at Costco. Big bag of Brazil nuts, so.
It actually tastes all right Tastes kind of like a little bit like hazelnuts.
So.
Interesting.
Yeah. They’re fine. They’re like eating anything, not really. It’s like peanuts or. Yeah. Kind of got to like a mild flavor, kind of like a it’s not like a cashew, cashews have more flavor, but it’s more of a milder flavor. Almost like a pecan.
I love cashews, but I don’t think cashews have the same nutritional density.
They’re fattier, I think. Yeah. And I don’t think they’re as good for you. I thought I heard something.
I can’t eat too many cashews or whatever. I’m not sure. I’m not an expert on these things. But I do know that Brazil nuts is like your best source of selenium unless you’re like a sardine guy. Which I am not.
So.
All right
I can do two now. Tuna’s all right. Tuna and mayo. I grew up on that. But sardines is no, no, no. Something about it.
Sardines and sardines though.
It’s scary. You like sardines?
No.
I just don’t. They’re like slimy little fish that got eyes and everything. I can’t do it.
Who eats sardines? Why is it even an option?
It’s not even an option.
Sardines.
It’s like apparently necessary.
Either that or Brazil nuts. That’s kind of an easy contest.
There’s no contest.
It says you’re instantly connection is fine. Your API key is loaded on the instantly client is configured. The 401 error is from Role Ferry’s own session auth, not from instantly. To fix, navigate to this login and log in. Your Role Ferry session JW cookie has expired or become invalid. Oh, maybe I just need to log in. Let’s see what happens.
Let us see. Let us see. Oh, I get my clients.
Sardines. Sardines.
Terrible They’re scary.
Sardines small fish.
I don’t even know if I like them because I’m too afraid to try them. But.
I’m so afraid to try them.
They just look disgusting to me, so.
They look disgusting.
So let me log out and log back in and see what happens. Log out. Enter my PIN.
And let’s go to launch. And oh, am I on the right screen?
Campaign owner. That’s you.
Launch campaign. Oh.
Yeah, no, man. I logged back in It didn’t work. That shit’s still broken.
I just logged in and went immediately to the screen. Do the
launch.
Look at the end launch screen.
And to the was that button I clicked again?
Launch campaign button Campaign button. And it said.
The cookie might not be forwarding through the next JS proxy. Let me check how the proxy handles cookies. Tell you how I handle cookies.
