
Transcript
Eu.
Hey, Dave. What’s going on?
How are you
Doing well
Doing all right
I’m sure. I’m pretty sure.
What’s up
Can you hear me?
Yeah. I can hear you fine.
I just didn’t hear what you said.
Let me go back in Let me go in and go back in.
Okay. I have—I told Cursor about some of the issues already, so we can go back through them, some of them might be getting fixed already. We’ll see. So can you hear me now?
Yeah.
I don’t.
What the fuck is going on?
I don’t know.
Okay. Now you can hear me?
I can hear you fine. Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
All right You all right Sorry it’s so late, man.
Yeah.
Well, yeah. I had him bring me home. They went to another Super Bowl party, but I was like, “I want to meet with Dave tonight, make some progress on our roll fair app.” So they dropped me off, and then they went to a barbecue, so.
And damn it’s late. Be at the barbecue.
It’s a little earlier here. It’s only 9:00.
They’re kind of night owls. My wife’s family, they’re—they’re not early birds.
Yeah.
Yeah. They like to do the late-night barbecues.
Yeah.
So where are we Where are we dining tonight? We got a nice little nice little greenhouse there.
It looks like it’s a greenhouse tonight.
It is nice. A lot of ferns. Different hanging plants. There you go. That’s cool.
Pretty nice.
We got some tea.
Get some tea. Go to the bar.
There you go. I’ve got my tea.
Yeah, man. I’m trying to make some money.
Oh, yeah Like you’re making honey?
And if you used honey, if you used honey.
Okay.
So are you a bee
Well, I’m not a bee, but I buy honey.
Oh, you buy the honey. Okay.
And then I’m going to infuse it with different medicinal herbs. Give me a second.
Nice.
Well,
maybe someday you’ll send me a little bit, and I can try it out.
Sounds good Sounds good Love it. Yeah. I’m going to—I’m going to perfect the recipe a little bit more.
Oh, yeah
Yeah.
So are these sweet kind of spices or more like what kind of?
More like medicinal. So I’m trying to do—I think I’m going to do—I think I’m going to do—I got to do under 150 degrees. I’m going to use apple cider vinegar.
And then lectins. To emulsify the fat that comes from the herbs and oils that come from the herbs, with the water and everything else to make it like a good mixture. And then it’s going to be a nice medicinal. Medicinal honey, you can add it to some tea.
You can add this one for throat health and chest health. Another one that just gets you really relaxed and chill. Different things like that.
Gotcha.
That’s what’s going to be fun.
There is a tea that we buy sometimes. It’s from New Zealand. Are you familiar with Manuka honey?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Very expensive.
It is very expensive.
Yeah. And then you have to look at the rating because it’s like a UMF mark, right?
Yeah. Yeah. It’s real serious. Yeah. They get real serious about it.
And if it doesn’t have a very high UMF mark, then it’s not the good stuff. There’s the specific flower as a Manuka flower over there. In New Zealand. And I guess it’s supposed to have all kinds of medicinal properties. But I’m not really doing that right now because I’m kind of doing the keto thing. So I’m not excited about a lot of honey right now. But it’s supposed to be good for the gut biome. Even though normally, you don’t want any kind of sugar in your gut if you’re trying to kill the Candida. You’re trying to starve it. So it doesn’t have anything that it likes. So you don’t—but anyhow, so we bought some of that expensive honey. I think it was like 40 bucks for this tiny jar. We bought it. We bought it at Whole Foods or one of these places. They have something called sprouts here, which is kind of a—our version of that.
Yeah. I went to Costco and I found Manuka honey.
Oh, okay. Yeah. But you got to look at that UMF rating because it’s a pretty wide range.
I don’t know what the UMF is. The UMF is probably pretty low. I don’t know what kind of UMF you got. What number you got?
It’s probably pretty high. I think mine’s like 250 or 2—I was just looking at it. But if you mix the honey with the apple cider vinegar, and then you put some herbs in it, it amplifies the honey.
I think it’s kind of a small-scale that goes up to UMF 25 or more. But that’s the really expensive stuff you pay 100 bucks for a tiny jar of that. And then it goes all the way down to 5, which is the bees are kind of near that town. And there’s a trace amount of Manuka. So you don’t want—it needs to be at least double digits, but more in the 20s is good. That gets really price. So the premium stuff is like 25 plus. I think there’s an MGO rating, and it’s 1,200. It’s super duper high. And it could be low as 200.
I think UMF is 25. At Costco.
Oh, okay. Because in that case, the MGO would be in the 1,000, over 1,000.
No, I’m going to check Hold on I’m going to check with it.
Yeah. I got the UMF 12 UMF 12.
Well, anyway. Yeah. No, UMF 12 is better than—it’s not too bad.
So it’s like a solid range. I think so some of them are single digits. And that stuff is just kind of like, “Why bother?” Especially if they try to change charges real loud. But yeah, at least it’s double digits. But no, but you don’t want to spend 100 bucks for a little bit of honey anyways.
No, because I’m trying to infuse it too.
I’m not even sure it’s all it’s cracked up to be anyways, even if you get the really high Manuka level stuff.
I’m going to run out. On Costco, they’re selling a 25 UMF for 140 bucks.
Oh, yeah. I see.
It’s kind of a lot.
And there’s also an MGO rating when it goes up into the thousands. So it can go up to 1,000 or 1,200 MGO.
Yeah. That’s 1200.
Yeah. That’s really crazy.
Yeah. That’s it. But I don’t even know. Is that really that good for you? I don’t know. I was eating it. I was trying to kill my gut bacteria because it was not my gut bacteria, but my gut—the Candida. It’s like a yeast or whatever. And I had a big old swollen gut. So I was trying to get rid of it. And it worked. I just starved it. Basically, I just didn’t eat carbs for months. And then it went down. And now I have kind of a normal belly.
But it was felt tight, swollen before. So I definitely had a Candida thing.
But yeah, it worked. But I just heard about the Manuka. Okay. We’re kind of off topic. Let’s maybe.
Yeah. Let’s go ask about you.
The other morning, I bought a honey, man. I blame you.
I was feeling it I was feeling it.
Yeah. I’ll try to—anyways, when you get your infused honey,
let me try. I’m curious about your infused honey.
Yeah. I’ll make some. Just give me a sec, dude. I’m going to get it. I made some already, but I think that it could be a lot better.
I’m going to dial it into the more.
Yeah. All right So if you want, you can go ahead and share some of the issues you were having. It’s possible that those issues you were having are better than they were when you found them because I have been—before I jumped on, I went ahead and put all your emails into the tracer and pushed the changes up. So I haven’t really tested them yet. But I was just going to see if maybe we could make a little progress before we start.
So go ahead and share your screen and show me the issues. And we’ll see if any of them are fixed. Maybe we can start with the fixed stage.
Did you push them
I did Yeah. I think so.
It looks like a lot of the job boards are still there.
Okay.
The ones that I sent.
Okay.
Oh, yeah. Also, yeah. Okay. You took that one. You did take off that one.
Which job boards do you see that are still there?
I don’t need to share my screen.
Okay.
Okay.
You can see my screen now?
Yeah.
Yeah. You see my screen, right?
Yeah. I do
Okay. So I mean, the main thing was I made changes to the role search.
Okay. Tell me about that
I went to every one. I looked at all the different ones.
Did you remove some stuff I mean, did you recommend to remove some stuff?
I recommended to remove some stuff Yeah.
Which ones did you—are there any that you did recommend that I didn’t remove?
Yeah. Hold on. Let me go back.
Take this out. Take this job board out. All right.
All right So you want to make handshake, say, for students only? I mean, you put in early career. I mean, that’s kind of similar, but I was going to say students.
Did we do that Go back to the screen?
Yeah. So it’s handshake on the list?
Handshake. You said early career. I want to say for students.
Okay.
By the way, wherever it says job search, I changed it to role search so that our branding would be consistent because it is role fairy, not job fairy. Is that fine?
No, no, no.
No issues there
Yeah. That makes sense.
We’ll probably just call it roles for the button, but whatever. Just to be more consistent with single word student prefs and whatever. Anyways,
on the role search screen,
instead of
Why don’t you look up all the data instead of pressing enter? So you have role search screen, handshake, early career for students,
then you also said handshake level for level.fyi. You should put next to that career personality data.
Okay.
Levels.fyi.gov put in the parentheses like you have some of these parentheses. The parentheses career personality data.
Can we make a shorter version of that Do you want it to be grade four salary data, or do you want to be
salary data?
Just put salary data if that’s what you want.
Yeah. We want to try to make it quick scanning and not super long strings.
Yeah.
Salary data.
Did we take out the tech fetch yet?
Yeah. Take out fetch jobs. Take fetch. Tech fetch. HN hiring. Authentic. And hire. Take all those guys out.
We didn’t do that yet
No.
Can you do a hard refresh I’m just curious.
I just did a logout and logged back in.
Can you do a hard refresh?
Control R Control shift R or control F5?
Let’s see.
I just wanted to test just because I did. It’s cool. I just wanted to check just to be sure. Okay. So fetch tech, what is it? Tech fetch?
Tech fetch. Tech tech fetch job.
It’s the other one.
Yeah. Tech fetch. Fetch jobs.
Fetch jobs and startup remote section.
Take fetch jobs out Take fetch jobs. Fetch jobs. Tech fetch. HN hiring authentic.
Okay.
Hiring jobs is the name.
Okay.
And take out hiring.
Tech hiring authentic.
Yeah. All my friends are talking about that.
I’m like, “I’m just talking to my friends about it.”
Well, I know Is it still going on I would have to really.
Yeah. It’s always something.
Okay.
More like the Patriots are losing.
Oh, yeah.
So we’re like, “Dude.”
Who are you rooting for
We’re like, “Put $2000 on the Patriots right now.” Because it’s on the betting side of things if you look at the if you look at the statistics of it or whatever the odds, if you put $2,000 on Patriots, and they win, you make like $50,000.
Yeah, but they won’t win. So you just lose 2,000 bucks?
That’s the only point That’s the joke. It’s like that’s the running joke.
I mean, yeah. Yeah, they ain’t going to win that. Seahawks are when they go I’ve seen it for I’m not a football guy, but last time I watched the Super Bowl, the Seahawks are playing. They didn’t let them score a single touchdown until the third quarter, and it was only one. I think they just did it to be nice.
Yeah.
I think they were just like, “You know what” They came all to the Super Bowl. Let’s not let them finish the game without a single touchdown. We’ll just give them one. I think they showed a pair. When they get to that Super Bowl, they’re like, “You know what? We’re going to win this shit. We’re not showing up to lose. We’re going to win.” And they show up, and they practiced in that cold weather too.
No fuck around
They’re also the home team. I think that’ll help.
I don’t know nothing about football man. I don’t watch it at all. I’m just saying.
I’ve seen them win. I’ve seen them win like they’re cruel, man. They don’t fuck around. We’re going to kill them.
Yeah. I know Let’s go back to this. Let’s go back to this, man. So the other thing I got to take off right now is Aubrey’s got to be probably before research.
Okay.
Because the other role preferences, if you resume your personality then you want to see what your role is going to be, and then you see the gaps. So the gaps and matches almost like a double verify. I’m trying to verify that.
Did you say before research or after?
Before research.
Before research, after match.
Between match Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. I’m done on the dashboard.
Yeah. Because the other role preferences, look at your resume. You look at your personality. And then you look at the roles that you’d like. You verify the role, the gaps, and the match. And then you know what you’re offering, right? Because you already know the role. You know what the gaps are. So you know what you’re offering. And then you do the research on the company. Contact and I think that we should do campaign then launch. And then bio is kind of an optional piece. It’s like next to inbox.
It’s its own piece because it just finishes the workflow.
What do you think Maybe you want to keep bio in there?
I like bio. I don’t think it’s that much work to make the bio page, honestly. Let them have their bio page. Then they can have that, and then it can get added to the campaign. And then they’re going to send everybody a link. I think it’s so powerful to get a nice professional-looking page from somebody when they get an email. It just really I just think we want people to I need to make that font smaller.
On the bio page. On the buttons.
That toggle between colors. Make the font smaller. So it fits in one line and make the buttons a little wider.
So the text fits better.
Okay.
So I fixed that a little bit. I mean, I need to.
Yeah.
I haven’t tested it. So the text is popping out, but I’m going to fix that right now, so.
Yeah. Okay. So that’s for after.
Yeah. I think the bio is good where it is. I think because that way it can get added to the campaign. I did a lot of work on the campaign screen, so check that out. Except what’s it doing?
It’s not the campaign. Yeah. I didn’t finish all the other things.
Oh, I see.
I want the resume, personality. You got the offer needs to change. Role search. Okay.
Gaps. Still?
With the gap I’m thinking I don’t think I’ve ever seen it give more than 50%. So I was curious what does 100% look like to you? Talking to the GPT.
Okay.
The gap at least it’s not giving us an error.
But I’ve never seen it give more than 50%.
Okay.
Is the bedsheet again 50%?
Yeah. We probably want some better it’s looking at everything, right?
Maybe the jobs you picked aren’t a great match for you. You ever want to take on responsibility?
I don’t think so.
Maybe find some better jobs
No. I don’t think so. I don’t think this is a good.
All right I’m going to load it right now and see what happens. Maybe mine. I’m just saying, maybe it’s you.
No.
All right I’m going to log in. Let’s see what happens.
Because honestly, I don’t remember it I wasn’t really paying attention to whether it was giving me high scores or low scores. This was something I wasn’t paying attention to. I had other mostly because it was broken every time, right? We would load it.
Yeah.
So why 80000? Anyways.
Saving continue. Saving continue.
And I think mostly because a lot of the gaps are software skills. I mean, a lot of the yeah. A lot of the gaps are going to be skill-based. Because they run gap analysis. Let’s see what it does to me.
Compare your preferences and resume it just looks like resume because it doesn’t have the accents, right? All right. Yeah. None of mine are over 50% either. Okay. So the gap analysis never gives more than 50% for any job. We want to be more positive.
Let’s make. I have a 50% out of 100. So you’re always failing.
Lowest score default to 90.
No, seriously
You’re always failing.
And put the rest on a sliding scale.
I don’t know
It can’t be 100.
30% to, yeah, 90%.
For the best match. And the worst match. For the jobs they selected.
Yeah. You understand what I’m doing there? So let’s say they have three jobs or however many jobs. The highest one will be 90%, like the best match.
It gets them to look more carefully. Maybe they could find a better match than that. You know what I mean? And the lowest one will be like 30% because they picked it. It should have some correlation. Right? And then everything will be a sliding scale between. I mean, if it does the thing I asked it to do, we’ll see. But that’s what I’m asking it to do. Sliding scale between 30% and 90. So everything feels reasonably within a believable range. But it is going to put them in the correct order of best match. And then it’ll give them some this is just food for thought. I mean, we’re basically just trying to make them think. The gaps aren’t a big available variable provider, right? It’s mostly just making them think more critically. Is this a realistic fit for me? Did you look at this other output, by the way? The resume gaps, personality gaps, the preference gaps that we look at what it says about each thing? Did they make sense? Do they seem like if you were using this app and paying money for it, would you feel good about what it came up with there? Or do you think it needs some more work?
Well, right now it’s both. The whole 30%. 50%.
Okay. Move past that because we’re going to fix that one. Assuming that was fixed.
I don’t know I think the idea of resume gaps, but I feel like it’s going to be hard to make it really good.
Let’s make it an aspirational goal to make it perfect and just have it there. So people know that we’re thinking about gaps.
I think it’s good that we’re thinking about it. That’s a good idea. But I feel like the fact of skills it’s almost like a keyword matching again. It’s like the whole keyword matching thing is what everybody does on resumes and whatever tries to do on matches.
The way that people match is like they try to keyword matches, but it just gets crazy because it’s like people come up with new keywords all the time. Your resume doesn’t have a keyword.
You’re not going to let it not have a keyword.
It’s just a keyword
Let me share how mine’s coming out.
Huh?
Let me share my screen here.
Can you see me now
No.
Okay. Look at me.
I don’t see anything yet.
So if you look at mine, so what I like about it, right, it looks like it put a lot of thought into stuff that is missing from my resume. And it makes me think like, well, I can add some of the stuff to my resume. And it doesn’t just explain it. It tells me I mean, it doesn’t just tell me. It explains it. So it says the missing thing. And it tells me what I could do to make it better, add explicit evidence of sharp to your resume. Missing skill required. Missing skill required. So these are resume gaps, right? We’ve got some skills that it asked for in this job description that aren’t there. I think that’s reasonable to point those things out. And then for the personality gaps, it says role may be detail requirements heavy.
I didn’t really pay attention when I did the personality test last time. I was just trying to get through it. But according to what I put, apparently, detail requirements heavy is not my style. It says your style may lean more toward the big picture. So that’s that may or may not be useful to them, but at least it knows that it thought about this stuff. And it makes the app feel in my opinion, it’ll make the app feel more thoughtful.
And it’s good. Right? I think it just makes it feel like you know what? It’s really thinking about this for me.
And people do think about whether their job is going to be a good fit for them and more than just like, “Am I going to like this job?” I mean, nobody wants to work at a job for a week, right? You’re going to work there for long enough that it’s going to matter if you like it. And then the other thing is, I mean, I’m telling the job expert here. I’m not trying to be like the authority on this. I’m telling you my personal feelings. And then it says role appears process heavy, regulatory, right? You may prefer faster iteration. So these are all this is, to me, kind of like what exactly what I wanted it to do, right? I wanted to look at the personality. I wanted to look at the gaps. Tell me, whether I mean, otherwise, why do it, right? Why do the personality thing at all if it’s not going to find some gaps? And then the match should do the same thing, but in a more positive way. It’s like this is a good match for these things. Anyways, the role category fit not obvious. Right? For the preferences, so we selected some preferences, assuming it’s actually looking at them this time, right? The location preference, not confirmed. Your preferred locations don’t appear to match this location. I’m not sure if that’s accurate or not because I don’t remember a location. But it says industry preference, not confirmed.
What I like about it, though, is that it’s thoughtful and it’s giving me thoughtful answers. Basically, it’s giving me what I expected it to, right?
Well, location isn’t something you can input in that screen.
Yeah. So we can add a location input.
So that’s kind of cool.
Location input.
I’m not going to say that.
Okay.
Preference on the preferences.
Page.
Input field.
Okay. Well, that’s a quick fix. Anyways, so there’s something we’re going on with the preference thing. I mean, with the location thing. We’ll figure that out. But I’m just telling you what I like about it. And so basically, what I like about it is that it’s doing what I wanted it to do. You know what I mean?
It’s adding the value that I wanted it to add. I wanted the gaps page to because match wasn’t doing the full thing. Match was telling them where it’s a good fit. It wasn’t pointing out where it might be problems. You know what I mean?
Yeah. That’s true.
I mean, when you’re young too, like I remember me, I always focused on the positive things. Like, what’s great about this opportunity? But I did not want to think about what’s not great about this opportunity. And I would end up getting in myself involved in all kinds of stuff that I shouldn’t have. You know what I mean? I just focused on the shiny part.
I like that That’s a good thing.
And this will at least give them a chance to think about it. It’s like, “Oh, I am missing some skills. Maybe I should find a job that’s better fit.” And I was like, “Well, actually, I am kind of like that. Maybe I don’t want to do this job because it’s a bad fit for my personality or not everybody will resonate with that, but some will.” And then the preference gaps is like, “Well, I did say I wanted this and that. Maybe either I go back and change my preferences.” So this will give me a better score. Right? So anyways. But yeah, if they pick several jobs, the highest should be 90 and lowest should be 30. And everything else should be a scale from in between. So at least they have something from their jobs they feel good about and they’re not constantly going back trying to find other jobs that are a better fit. Right? I think that will feel more reasonable. And it’s not really lying to them. It’s just basically like pushing them in the direction of like, “Okay, this job is a better fit than that one.”
I like that pushing them to think because that’s really what the goal is.
Yeah. We want to give them a little feedback that isn’t discouraging.
I think the goal is to push them to think about it. I just really like the goal.
That’s kind of the whole point of the gaps, in my opinion. Just think pause for a second. Do you really want this job? Is it going to completely conflict with your personality? Is the culture wrong? Is the pay wrong?
That’s the whole point Yeah. I mean, what we’re really trying to solve is just we’re trying to solve the preciseness, really.
You don’t just apply to anything and everywhere. Anything and anyone has a position open. You want to have some more accuracy, some more preciseness.
Now when you’re out of a job, at least me, I’m like, “Fuck, I’ll take any job I can get, man. I got to feed my family. Give me a job now.” Anything’s better than being unemployed. But.
Yeah, but they don’t believe that, though. The thing is, the employers don’t believe that.
No, no. They don’t. But that is the feeling. But it isn’t how I really feel. It’s just the impulse of feeling. There’s a certain amount of desperation in being unemployed for months. It’s very scary. It’s very scary when I have I mean, I got nine people that I’m feeding. You know what I mean? It’s very scary.
Nine loving people
And my mother-in-law, my kids. Half the time, I got to help support my brothers my wife’s brother and his girlfriend.
My stepson and his girlfriend staying out.
Fuck.
It’s like everybody’s fucking poor around here, man. I’m the only one who’s got a good money coming in. Pretty much supporting everybody. I don’t mind, but being unemployed is scary as shit, man. It’s like a lot of people counting on me. When I’m broke, we’re just all kind of broke together. But I am the guy who went and got a master’s degree.
No. Yeah.
Anyways. Well, you see that so now we’re looking at this screen together.
I see. We’re looking at your screen.
So this is the positive side of gaps, right Instead of gaps, it’s looking at the pain points.
Yeah.
And then.
I’m on my screen. Hold on. I’m going to.
Yeah, yeah. Go ahead. I made some improvements to this, right?
Let me see. Let me see.
It was a lot of redundant stuff. I didn’t like the way it was before. I’m not sure I like it now. But now it just has now it just has the role the pain points and the company. That’s kind of all I wanted. On the left, I don’t want details. I just want to know I want to be able to select the role. I want to know which company the role is on the left too because I don’t want to mistakenly select the wrong role because I thought it was for the other company. I want to know on the left, which role I’m selecting, which one I’m doing the pain point analysis at. And it’s okay to tell me how many points there are, right? How many pain points it found.
Yeah. That’s good.
So the other one was TMI. It was kind of giving me all the bigger summary. And it should just be a list. A list with enough information for me to know what’s up. And then it’ll tell me if I’ve already done a pain point match if it tells me how many pain points I’ll know. Like, “Okay, this is “ it kind of gives me a sense. So if there’s a lot of pain points, match, that’s great.
So anyways. So there’s that.
Same thing.
At least it’s not stuck at that 50% threshold.
Yeah.
Oh, now it has this option to use role use this roll-down stream.
Use any.
Well,
I’m not sure why it chose that word, but it means use it.
I just don’t like the wording. But basically, it’s saying, “Do save this role to be part of your whole contact.”
That’s what it means.
Yeah.
Stupid wording.
It’s like, “Go into the bathroom.” It’s like, “Take a left. Make a right. Go straight. Pass the doors.”
No, it’s more like, “Would you like to evacuate your colon into the toilet bowl?” No. So use this roll-down stream. It’s a long way. I think save role is probably better.
Use this roll-down stream
Yeah.
What the fuck? You want to take a shit? Oh, no.
Well, I guess it’s not a given. Because we already evaluated.
No one knows.
We already looked at the gaps, right?
Didn’t save them for me, but
Where’s the river?
Yeah. Forget. So we’re going to fix it to either saved save roles it’s just not a given that we’re going to we like this role enough to want to research the company and the people. Okay? So use this roll-down stream. It’s the wrong wording, but we want to think of what is the right wording. So we can either save role
Wow
Yeah. That’s a weird button. But I probably said that in one of the prompts. We need to indicate whether we’re going to use this roll-down stream. And it’s like, “Okay, sure.”
You can.
They can click the button
What always uses the most obscure things? ChatGPT.
It’s some shit that I typed probably. That’s how I worded it at the time. And it’s like, “Great idea.” No. So we’re going to save role. I guess that’s.
Certainly Because I’m not favoring it.
I mean, I do want to ask them if they want to use it downstream, just not in those words. In a more appropriately length way. So we want to say save role. Is that clear that we want to carry this role to the next step?
Yeah. Okay. So
it’s supposed to be save this role.
Save role. Keep role.
Save the research Isn’t it save the research?
Well, yeah, if once we’re moving on to that screen. But we’re not ready to go to the next screen yet. We’re just selecting the roles that we want to keep. So we can keep role or how about drop role? Or they can choose keep role? So after they look at the pain points.
So the goal of this is to eliminate a role? Is that what you’re trying to say?
Potentially. I mean, they learned about the pain points. They found a good match.
How often do these
I mean, I guess the better screen for not keeping a role would be the gap analysis, right? Because they’re like, “Oh, fuck this. This is going to go.”
Yeah. That’s what I’m trying to say It’s both of these icons, gaps, and match. They’re both verified. They’re both verified gaps.
Match is more about the available variables that it’s creating. Gaps is about whether to eliminate. Right? We search for a role. We look at gaps. If there’s not too many gaps, we can keep it or drop it. So what I should do is, on the gap screen, so on the gaps screen, under ranked draw, ranked jobs, we can keep role or.
Yes.
Keep or drop?
Yeah. Yeah. That’s what you got to do.
Okay. Keep role or drop role using buttons. Should we just keep or drop?
Save.
Save. Everybody wants to save means save role.
Keep or drop. What’s a placement? Is the real question.
Drop or remove.
What’s the placement? The placement?
Remove role just because it’s more familiar.
Keep or keep or drop.
Okay. It’s four letters. That’s good. I guess remove is just kind of like everybody knows. Or remove means that it’s familiar, but I think they’re not idiots. They should know that drop is pretty unambiguous, right? Anyways, they’re going to save. They’re going to continue. They’re going to go to the pain point match screen. At that screen, we do not need a button that says,
“We don’t need a button that tells them to keep the roles.” The assumption is they already had a chance to remove the roles or the gap step, and now they’re just going to move on. So we don’t need a use this role downstream.
Button on the match okay. Cool.
So they ran the pain point match. Saving continue.
And what was the thing we did before we moved? Site wise and rename and move buttons.
Okay. And then we want to real quick, let me just take care of a quick little maintenance thing while we so we can see our changes before the end of the thing.
So you want that most offer? You did that. And then we can start moving with it. Yeah. Because
I’m trying to make a video to talk about it, and then I was like, “Wait a second.” I don’t think it’s ready yet.
The flow is not.
Yeah. Let me get it ready. Let’s get it ready.
It’s processed. I mean, I feel like we’re getting close, but we’ll see. All right. So I moved on to the research screen.
So did you say the offer goes next?
The offer goes from match no, before research, you said match, then offer, then research. That’s what I put.
After match. Yeah.
After the match. After the pain point match, then we go to offer.
Then we go to offer.
Because then we have everything we need for the offer. We have the we need to match.
Now is it because you want the offer to be role-specific?
Yeah. The offer has to be role-specific. And you need to know not only that, you need to know what the job entails to know what you’re going to offer.
You definitely can’t have an offer before you know what the job is going to be.
Okay.
It’s like I want to be a dentist, but you applied for software engineering. Well, my offer is to be a dentist, so you got the wrong job, buddy. You’re not getting it.
So they need the jobs column on the left, or roles, sorry. They need the role selector on the left, again. So they can select a role, and
create the offer for each. So okay.
So I do.
So we’re not trying to create the whole email yet.
No, we can’t offer something that we can’t offer we can’t make an offer for a job we don’t know anything about.
Yeah.
Fair enough I mean, the value proposition is what we’re working on. And it’s like yeah, I guess you’re right. I mean, I’m sure you’re right. I just kind of was thinking about it a little bit differently. I guess I thought there’s some of this is like kind of like the bio page, right? You have one consistent message that everybody sees. And then you have the specific email that’s very targeted. And so that’s why I thought it should be well, it is going to be before the bio page.
Well, anyways, so then when they write the email, they’re going to use all the offer stuff. So we get to the campaign.
It’s fine. Let’s continue with your thing here, and we’ll see if it the workflow probably works fine.
I was just trying to put it I guess that probably makes sense. I mean, I didn’t ask you when I created the offer page. I just something that I was like, “What would be the step that’s missing?” And I know we talked we had a compose screen, right?
Yeah.
And that’s kind of we removed that because it was kind of redundant with the campaign screen. And I was like, “Well, maybe we need an offer screen.” And then I knew it needed to be before the bio, right? Because you can’t really the bio is probably going to take some stuff from the offer.
Yeah. Yeah. So and also because once you go into the research and the content,
that’s a whole other thing. Your it’s a whole other thing already.
Yeah. Okay. So we’ve already done the match screen. And then if the match screen moves to the offer screen. And then the offer.
I don’t see the change happening.
Yeah.
Oh, you refreshed
No, I didn’t do shit.
Well, there it is. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So the match screen, it goes to offer now. Good.
And then when you I also want to make sure that when you go from it actually navigates you to the right page because sometimes it forgets to update buttons from one to the next.
Yeah.
All right So then you save and continue, and it takes you to the offer. Perfect. Okay. So let’s talk about the offer screen. It’s brand new. I’ve barely even looked at it yet.
What do we like What do we not like? What is it missing? What does it what should be removed? Anything you thought?
Okay. It’s just one of my comments. The roles page was updated as well.
Okay. Cool. Let’s go look at the roles.
And that’s because you just made a change.
Good So it fixed the job boards?
Yeah. Good It says students for handshake. It says salary data for levels.fyi.
I think that’s important.
That’s good And then also if you go to I got to put this in the email. It shouldn’t be too much of a problem. They just have to go to the actual job because you put share, and you press copy link. It doesn’t work.
Okay.
Yeah. That’s fine now. What you just got done. You got a plan page. Or just copy and paste it. It’s an issue.
I mean, that’s why there’s both options. URL works sometimes.
Yeah. Okay. Anyway let’s move on.
Okay.
I just want to say that this job board page works good.
Yeah. So some of the beta testing, I think, will help us figure out how much these things are a problem. So my instinct, kind of my thought, was like, “Well, we’ll give them both options. If the import URL doesn’t work, they can paste the test.” And I think that’ll be fine with people, but I don’t really know. So when we do the beta testing, if everybody’s bitching about it, they’re like, “This is fucking confusing. I don’t know what to do. I hate this shit.” And they’re like, “Oh, Matt.” And they’re like, “I hate your app. It sucks because I have to paste text, and then I can’t.” And then import is like, “Dude, just import a URL if you got one. If paste text, I can’t do both. What up to do both if it’s confusing everybody?” Then which it might because you never know what’s going to bother people until you put it in front of them, right? But
yeah, I mean, I have a I can guess how I would think about it maybe, but I don’t know. We’ll see. So when we beta test in front of like 100 people or for a month or however much we want to do the beta test.
Yeah. Whatever you have.
And we can kind of get a sense based on what’s annoying them, navigationally. We’re really close to it. So it’s a little bit hard. Right?
Yeah. Also, why don’t you change it to just press? I don’t like just press.
Hey, could you change that?
Well, it’s just because I wanted one word but we can change it. Because the other one was hold on. Because the other one was role prefs. I mean, sorry. Yeah. Well, it was job prefs. And I was like, “Well, we don’t want to say job because it’s not job fair. It’s role fair. We’re calling them roles.” So I changed it to prefs, but I don’t think hold on. Go to the dashboard. Yeah. It still says role preferences. It’s because the nav bar doesn’t have a lot of room. So I wanted single words. Sorry, my wife’s calling. What’s up, honey?
Hey, I need your help.
With
I need you to get the Mary’s mantle book, the what do you call it? The meditation one, the bigger book.
Yeah.
And can you take a picture of day one?
Okay.
As soon as you’re capable, please.
Can it be in 30 minutes? Because I’m kind of in the middle of a meeting.
It’s because it’ll be forgotten and she’s away from home.
Oh.
Give me two seconds. I got to go take a picture for my wife.
Yeah.
Is it Where’s the book?
Mom, where’s Mary’s mantle book that was on the couch mount?
The Mary’s mantle book around the couch.
Where’d you put that
This is the California rule.
Hold on a second This is the California rule.
Sorry, Dan.
Yeah. My wife’s at a party.
She wanted me to take a picture of a page of a book.
Yeah.
Because they’re doing some kind of prayer thing, and they needed this specific prayer, s
o. Going to give them the prayer.
Okay. So role preferences is still dashboard. So we’ll just go back to dashboard.
The focus of prefs.
References. Can I just make it preferences?
Yeah. Prefs. What’s the focus of prefs
So yeah, I just wanted a single word just as a consistent.
I think you should say preferences. Makes sense. What’s a preference? No one’s going to know what a preference is.
Yeah, I get it You’re right.
Good thinking. So yeah, it’s because it kind of evolved from job prefs.
It made more sense a little more context, right?
Yeah. Makes sense in a job prefs.
Change.
Job prefs is like, what?
I didn’t like seeing some of the buttons have to be a two-word because all of them are truncated from their longer version from the dashboard screen. Change.
Change.
The prefs. To preferences. Text. In the nav bar to prefs. Okay. Cool. Done. Okay.
Consider it fixed. It’s working on it.
All right Preferences. Resume. Personality. Roles.
Gaps.
Gaps will work on it I don’t know if I’ve done yet, but.
Yeah. Why does you want to try the gaps? Well, did I fix it yet?
I guess.
No. That’s all fucked up. What happened?
Oh, we got on API post there. That’s wonderful.
Are you getting the same thing?
Yeah.
Okay. Now I put a preferred location section in the role preferences.
Is this bad
Oh, wait.
Role preferences and temporary preferences says ideal client profile. That’s not the ideal client profile.
Okay.
It’s the ideal job profile. That’s what it’s supposed to be.
Should I remove it or just change it? Which one? Change or remove?
You can change it to ideal job profile.
Okay.
Do we like the small text above it
We can click on it. It’s a new thing. It just came from.
It’s because it at some point, it interpreted what I wanted to do, and it removed the heading role preferences, and instead, put ideal client profile. And I’m like, I didn’t tell you to do that, but if you want to put that it’s an ideal client profile, just make a small text right above it so people that want to call it that, like industry people, that’s fine. But I’m still going to have the meeting view. What’s that?
Role preferences should be the first thing you say. And then under that, it could say,
tell us more about your ideal job profile and what you value in your new role you’re looking for.
Okay.
Yeah.
And from.
And then. Change the text.
And we’ll help you define your ideal job profile.
Cool.
Okay.
There you go.
Yeah.
Cool. And now there’s preferred location, optional,
New York City
Or how long have you used this? If you give me a preferred location, New York, or New Jersey, or a different state? What’s the logic around the location? Is it really logic? If I put in commas?
I think it’s AI backed and it’ll figure it out. Because you can say you can put in a PSD time zone or you can put London, remote, you can put New York, New York, it’s a smart thing. So I think you’re going to get away. But you should test it. Test it with difficult edge cases like that.
So those are called edge cases when things that don’t happen a lot, but you can still test for them.
And New Jersey to New York City or.
Sure I’ll add some stuff too. Let’s see.
Let me see. I’m sure anywhere.
Near waterfalls.
All right
All right.
There we go.
Let’s see if I can continue.
It’s like gap analysis. This is job is not near waterfalls.
It is not a good fit.
Anywhere near machines and phones.
Yes.
So no phones.
Woodland creatures.
Hobbits.
You could not find for hobbits. Therefore, this job is not a fit.
There are no wizards here. So my wife was just kind of playfully asking, what if you became a deacon? Because you can be married. It’s kind of like being a priest, but you can be married. And then it says, you cannot be a wizard and be a deacon.
And I thought that’s interesting.
Because they’re against witchcraft. This whole Catholic thing, right?
So since I’m a man, instead of telling me I can’t be a witch, it tells me I cannot be a wizard. You cannot be a wizard. And a deacon.
This forbid it So if I became a deacon, it would completely rule out ever being a wizard.
That’s pretty rough man. I don’t know Seriously, think about that. If I’m willing to give up any chances of ever becoming a wizard.
I think you should become a wizard.
I mean, honestly,
I have to think about it That’s a realistic goal or not?
I mean, what?
The Catholic Church does not approve of wizards.
They don’t.
They’re vehemently against wizards.
But what could be better than being a wizard? What could be better?
I don’t know The Catholic Church, it would be better to be a deacon.
This is so truly amazing. This is so truly amazing.
Well, see, if you’re a wizard, it means you’re a witch.
And witches are aligned with the devil, who is Satan. The evil one.
So I did the gap analysis, and now it’s only giving me ratings of 30 or 90, not ranges in between.
Not what I want.
I’m on the gap analysis.
Well, no, it seems to be 100 is too long of a range.
Just give me 1 to 10
I mean, there’s already a star rating.
Why are we doing a?
It’s already got five stars.
What do we need all this?
You’re right
30 or 90
Especially since we’re forcing it into some fake ratings system.
30 or 90. That’s it. That’s all you get. So
30
Yeah, let’s simplify this. Remove the 30 out of 100, 90, and 90 out of 100 rules. And we won’t use percentages.
Just the stars.
You think it’s fair? This is a 30?
So for the best fit role, put five stars.
That’s it
So if for the worst fit role, they found, put three stars.
Yeah, but do a range.
For the one that is in between, put four stars.
If they selected more than three roles,
then the range can be between two and five stars.
If they selected more with the top two roles being five, five stars,
third best role being four stars,
and the other roles being two stars.
And then we don’t end up with some obviously bogus percentage numbers. You’re right. That’s done. Nobody wants it. Nobody asked for it. Why are we forcing this weird percentage thing on people?
It doesn’t offer any value. The stars will be easier for them to scan and understand quickly. People are used to seeing five-star ratings.
Was the percentages either of idea or did the AI come up with it on its own? Did you?
Honestly, it’s so funny.
It’s like crazy
It’s a start You got to start with something to find out what you don’t like. Then you fix it. I like the AI gives us a first draft to consider. I mean, it’s good that it’s creative enough that it gives us something. It’s like, you know what? Something about this that I don’t like.
And it’s not obeying me when I tell it to give me the range that I wanted. It’s like either 30 or 90 now.
I mean, it could be that those two roles are equally bad at the bottom. So it’s just like, forget it.
That’s fine.
All right Well, while it’s working on that,
it’s fair or you’re a fucking genius?
Sure.
Yeah.
30 and 90.
All right
So where are we at How are we doing? We went to the pinpoint hour.
We’re back at offer. We’re back at offer.
Okay. Back at, oh yeah, we need to look at the screen. There’s a lot of stuff to consider here.
Yeah.
I gave it some ideas, and then I also told it to think about what would be valuable on the screen and be creative with it. So that it could do some of the creative thinking too. So we have to consider some of the stuff and if any of it offers value. So there’s an offer snippet. Oh, so that was the main thing.
Is we wanted that job. You have to be able to select a job. So before we can really do much else without paying, it needs to make that update.
So specific.
Yeah.
Yeah. The offers on the offer screen need to be job-specific.
Role-specific. So all the stuff that is shown in the fields should correlate with the roles.
And make sense in the context of the role selected.
And the content should change slightly. At least slightly. When they select a different role.
Think about why that is.
The job seeker will receive such a page instead of this process. And what were she expecting and wanting?
And what makes sense?
Okay.
Let’s let it do what it’s going to do to the screen and come back to this after it has a chance.
All right Next.
Retention rate, but what sources are?
So the research.
Just yeah, the company research needs some help. Chance to that.
All right. I’m looking at it.
Still have these old So that means when I export, I’ll see his fees. Do I get it? Do I get it? Let’s see what it does.
What are you exporting?
Experiment
Which ones do we have
Yeah, I want to look at my export I want to see if it’s a test. That’s what I see. Okay, so it gave me my company name, my overview.
Not too bad. What else? Gave me some bullshit and column C. One of them has a theme. But it doesn’t really. It just tells me what a theme is.
Yeah,
Dirk likely values innovation and measurable outcomes. So one of those has culture.
Let’s start fresh here. Maybe I don’t know. I just wanted to see if the export button worked. Okay, so let’s clear all of this. Refresh.
Anyways, okay. Sorry So are any of these from this Castro run company research? Let’s see what it does.
Okay, when I ran when you ran company research, how are the results coming out for you? That’s not what I’m saying.
So for me, when I ran it,
well, first of all seeing was useless. Because theme says theme. What the company likely cares about? Reference to possible priority.
And then offer two to three bullets. Which is nothing. So just telling us what it’s doing, not actually doing it.
Exactly So I’m going to tell it that. Under the okay.
On the research screen.
Under the theme heading field.
I see text.
That is a description of what it should be showing. Not what it should be showing.
Okay, what else So we have a lot of empty fields here.
Publications.
Recent news.
Product launches.
And leadership changes are all blank. On the research page after.
Yeah, I didn’t do a very good job Try the different company.
Market position. Not competitors. Not that kind of stuff.
Getting some of it’s working.
Some of it working for you too?
I think it’s working is the company overview.
What about the other hiring signals Did you get anything for those?
Another hiring signal It just put in the fact that the name of the position is GTA recruiter.
Oh, okay.
That’s what it says. Other hiring signals. The position isn’t other hiring signals. The company is hiring for a good marketing engineer. Again, I know I gave you that. I know that already.
I mean, you’re asking it to do a lot.
Yeah.
It’s kind of the same thing.
Okay.
Well,
I’m telling it where it sucks and what it needs to fix so that it can fix those heavy stuff.
Under the research.
Actual.
See.
Which is so a description of what it should show, but not what it should show.
Only show what it should show. Not a description. What it should show. Okay. Yeah, I don’t know.
It’s having a little trouble, evidently.
With this. What can we do to point it to the right direction?
Well, I mean, this is a big money revenue. People pay a lot of money for these kinds of signals.
This is like.
By the research.
Page.
Think of places. Might look. Online. Or these types of bits of info. Maybe LinkedIn. Maybe somewhere.
No, that’s a need that the company domain website. There’s a need that is a required input to do the searching on.
Shouldn’t. Should be able to be smart and find things because it’s smart and knows where to look. The trick is to give it enough autonomy that it can use its creative mind and think of stuff.
Think creatively.
About where to look.
And be a good private investigator.
You are a private investigator.
You can find free places.
Where such information where you hypnotize it, right? You are a private investigator. You can find free places online.
Where such information can be found. Do better at filling all the fields on the hiring signals page.
Do thorough search.
You have AI that is very smart and access to the internet. I know you can do it.
You’re going to have enough
Yeah. If it doesn’t do better, then we’ll have to think of either removing some of those things. I think we should move to the next screen while it works on it. All right, so I’m on the context screen now. I made some of these changes last time. We’ve got so the decision-maker titles that they can include or exclude are here. They’re green, so you know that you can select all. You can clear them all. You can just pick certain ones, right? So there’s a clear button. If they want to look at all the things, they can look at all the things. These are pretty good titles, though, right? Most of them.
Yeah.
They could probably look at pretty much all these, right? These are pretty good.
Yeah. I mean, the only thing I would say, I mean, from a kind of critical view,
is the department that they’re going to hire, the department that they’re looking to get a position in,
should be the second one, right? So right now, this is engineering management. And so that makes sense to you because you are in that field. But if it was a position for supply chain and not in logistics, it should say supply chain logistics leadership.
If they were in marketing positions, should be marketing leadership. If they’re in they’re an accountant. And then they should say financial leadership.
Okay.
All right Well, I’m going to go ahead and try to do that. So on the contact screen,
decision-makers.
Page.
The other ones. We need to have one of these decision.
The second tier to relate specifically to the industry they are their role the selected role so for the tech jobs and engineering jobs the current title engineering the current heading engineering makes sense. But
other jobs give me some examples.
You do logistics supply chain logistics is one example. You can use finance and accounting is another example.
Okay.
You can use sales and marketing is another example.
You can do writing and communication is another example.
Just give me some of the clients you’ve had. What kind of jobs are they looking for?
They wouldn’t do engineering.
Recently, a lot of people have been in sales.
Okay.
Sales, so they don’t want to sales and work.
Which is a lot of that sort of thing that you’re looking at. Sales leadership.
That’s kind of recently what I’m working on. But as you go into the marketing,
I think product I think product is going to get people in product usually respond well.
But people recruiting is good because there’s a lot of recruiting people because they have those people in there. Design, I don’t know who would design’s very particular. Design that was the fourth one. One, two, three, four, five, at five, that one is very particular.
The design one, I don’t think that’s across the board.
It says irrelevant. There’s parentheses. It does qualify.
I agree with you. I think the bottom three tiers are probably fine because it does qualify them with hiring owners. If relevant, if relevant, for data and design. They can unselect them all by clicking clear and then just pick the ones that they want to contact. Or they can just select them all if they want to shotgun approach it and see what they can find.
Especially if I’ve already tried it and there are other selections not working.
Yeah. Also, we didn’t include another one like I mean,
the other ones are like VP head and that sort of thing.
Director I guess you’re picking director manager from the engineering leadership section? Maybe that makes sense.
I guess so. This is all executive. All executive on the top.
Tell me what’s missing, Vlad.
I’m trying to see.
Executive looks good.
Product growth looks good. People recruiting looks good.
Yeah, I just need some relevant thing up here. It could also be legal. Maybe they want to get maybe they have more but it just has to be one that’s specific to the kind of job I’m looking for. But product would keep the same. People recruiting keep the same executive keep the same.
Design is relevant.
It’s not going to be relevant to people that are in design and arts.
Tell us why it says it’s relevant.
Yeah.
And it’s going to be exactly going to be consistent. So as you say, design is relevant, no matter what.
Yeah. Stay with it
Relevant or not
It doesn’t hurt them.
Maybe two of these instead.
Two of the engineering leadership ones.
Two options if relevant. Like engineering, like an engineering leadership, like two options of that.
Instead of just defaulting on right now. Because this is going to be design every single time.
I want to see maybe like dynamic.
Like engineering leadership. It’s going to be dynamic.
Okay.
So engineering leadership is going to be dynamic. That’ll change.
Executive would be consistent.
Product and growth can be consistent. Even if it’s not product and growth, because the growth is not people.
I get it People recruiting is probably for everybody. And then design and data I mean, we could move engineering leadership down. Or just leave it. Is engineering I don’t know why design is its own group, but.
Yeah. Design makes no sense, but it’s its own group. Design is a design is just like the dynamic field of engineering. It could be design. It could be accounting. It could be logistics, supply chain.
Same with data.
So I guess the question is do we want to just remove those sections and have them only show up if they’re relevant?
Yeah. That’s what I want to do.
Okay.
Okay. So remove. Okay. From the contact. Decision makers.
Screen.
Remove design. If relevant.
And data. If relevant.
Unless the job they selected is design or data respective and we don’t need if relevant.
Those cases.
And it should replace the engineering leadership as data leadership.
Or design leadership respectively.
Those cases.
Think of other roles.
Specific leadership roles. And only list them in specific appropriate cases. Okay.
All right What else do we got on this screen we got to look at? We got some different people.
A lot of people
They show up It says run research. We got smart.
I guess we got Gonzalo. We got Roberto.
Why do we only have two dudes here, man?
It’s good. Oh, let’s do a let’s do a search.
Okay.
When a lot of roles on the contact.
Decision makers screen.
Even when a lot of roles out of decision maker titles are selected.
Decision makers listed at the bottom.
There should be a lot. By select a lot of roles. Why am I seeing two?
Oh,
also make sure to keep your funding on America.
Okay.
Are you sure Is this a USA specific app?
Yeah.
All right We want to exclude other countries from using it?
Well,
no.
We don’t necessarily have to do that I know we’ve talked about it being very regional, but I don’t know if it really helps us. So let’s just say some random-ass person from Germany wants to put in jobs in Germany. There’s software jobs over there or whatever, and they want to look for the local jobs in Germany, and they find a role pasted, and then they get the contact information. They reach out. I don’t know why our app wouldn’t work just as well.
Well, one of them put a search field for location. That way, they can choose where you want people from.
Okay.
Because if you’re trying to get a job in Charleston, South Carolina, you’re not going to reach out to the guy in Israel.
Why not So I did that. So there were some jobs that were like PWC, for example, right?
They’re very short stint there. But I think they’re based—what the hell are they based? I forget now. They’re in somewhere in Europe. And so their headquarters are in Europe.
They have US bases.
Some of the decision makers are in other countries. Some of their heads, like if you go on LinkedIn, you’ll see heads of their different departments. They live in other countries. And some of their decision makers that show up to some of the meetings are in other countries, especially since everybody’s remote. I don’t know that I think that we’re shooting ourselves in the foot if we say only in the US because a lot of these decision makers are in other countries. And since everything is digital, there’s no reason—I definitely done interviews with people in other countries for jobs that were stayed. I’ve also interviewed for jobs that were in other countries because I’m more remotely. But for several roles that were stateside, some of their executives were in other countries.
One of these guys was their—what do they call it? Not director, but he was like their staff lead for the development team, and he was in Europe. In fact, especially with software, most of my team was in other countries for a lot of these roles, especially with PWC.
So yeah, I don’t think stateside is a filter that we want.
Not in this market Maybe a couple of years ago, but. And I’m thinking like a software developer team in a remote role worker who all my jobs are remote. I mean, most of my teams are pretty diverse. I mean, like I told you, they let go of like 20 people last week that were all in Jamaica. And some of those people were in my interview. One of the VP that interviewed me for the job was in Jamaica. I don’t think it would be good if I didn’t interview with him because he was excluded for not being stateside. It would have been a bad thing. He’s the person who decided I should get the job, actually.
So yeah, let’s not do that.
Yeah. Especially in the tech field. I think
there’s a chance, since a lot of my contacts are in the tech field, like on LinkedIn or whatever, and I’m going to be one of the people who has a—I have a horse in the race, so to speak, or a vested interest, literally, of making this successful. I’m probably going to be reaching out to my network with a lot of advertising once we get this app polished. And I’m going to be reaching out to those people. And so we’re probably going to get some clients if I have any luck with that that are tech people, right?
Yeah.
So if I’m—I mean, I have 8,000 people or whatever on my LinkedIn. It seems like a couple of those people might be looking for work, and they might want to try my app out if we put it at a price point they can handle. Certainly, I’ll get some early testers that way.
So you can only find five or six contacts at one time.
I’m noticing that. So either a maximum amount of people.
Yeah.
How about 24?
Is 24 a good max?
Yeah. 25 is a typical page on Apollo or LinkedIn.
Okay. 24 is even number. There’s two columns.
Yeah.
It’s two decimals.
Okay.
The one with 25.
At 25th guy is an asshole. We don’t like him.
Okay.
Fuck that guy. All right. So all right. I’m on the bio page. Are you on the bio page with me? Yeah. All right. Soage. Okay. So let’s see. I made a couple of changes to it.
So I’ve got a dark mode and a light mode. So you go to the light mode. Right? It gives you different options for changing the color. We got cream. For the top, sky.
The dark mode and light mode. Yeah.
Yeah. All right. So some people like dark. Some people want light. People are different.
I would—I mean, they just are. You got to make it a customizable experience. So if I scroll through it, there’s white boxes. And if I go dark mode, I get gray with some different dark options. I would give them essential autonomy. You can change the bullets like I can scroll through the bullets. And it changes them. On the page. Right? So that’s kind of cool.
And yeah, have you tried the video yet?
No. I haven’t tried it yet.
Do you have any videos? You probably do. You make videos all the time, right? Grab one.
Shove it in there.
Yeah.
It doesn’t have to be any specific video. I got some funeral videos I was going to put in there just because it’s what I have on my desktop right now. So shove that on there.
Nice.
What’s that from
It’s getting light
That was not from a movie or a TV show, right?
Yeah. And I’ve seen it.
I’m just fucking with you.
They’ve been saying that shit to me since I was little.
They probably have. Yeah.
Yeah.
What is that
My name is Oliver Man.
All right So yeah, is it that I upload it?
With an account.
It’s a big one.
There we go.
Okay.
Got that
It’s not uploaded.
I got uploaded.
Don’t proceed.
It didn’t work
It uploaded a video.
Does it show on the screen
No. It just uploaded a video and it didn’t show. Maybe it’s too long.
Yeah. We might have to say the max length for the video.
Yeah.
Eight-minute video. It’s too long. Let’s try this one.
What would be a good length for a video Probably less than a minute, right?
One minute two minutes?
Probably a small P4 Under 4.5 megabytes. Wow. Well, 4.5 megabytes is nothing under 4.5 megabytes.
Say under two minutes
Under two minutes. The metric is not the size. It’s the time.
Yeah. It should be the time. Make it so they can upload a video two minutes.
Or shorter.
On the bio page.
Because right now, it’s—I think two minutes would be pretty long for a bio video, right?
Yeah. Yeah. But I don’t know. You just need to tell them that the metric can’t be 4.5 megabytes.
Upload a small P4 under 4.5 megabytes.
That’s going to be like 10 seconds, like 5 seconds.
Which is literally what I have for my videos. Why it work? Because why I have—that’s why I have you to test. So do you see my video?
It’s literally a 5-second video.
That’s why I said that I didn’t notice it, but it makes sense.
Yeah. Two minutes are enough. And the metric is not size. It’s time. But
that could be a crazy thing because maybe they sent some kind of crazy 4K video and it’s like three megabytes within two minutes.
Yeah. Let’s go with length. I think two minutes is—I’m imagining I’m hiring decision-maker person. I ain’t going to watch it if it’s longer than two minutes.
Not if I have 20 applicants or whatever. I got that kind of time.
I think two minutes. Two minutes.
Yeah, yeah. Two-minute max. One minute is like a short. People are used to shorts, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shorts and 60 seconds.
Yeah.
Two minutes is fine.
I think we can also help them.
Maybe on the bio page, we could say, “Generate a script.”
Yeah.
“Generate one-minute bio script.”
I guess I’m going to need 80%.
So on the—yeah, on the bio page, have a button. Generate one-minute bio script.
Yeah.
Yeah, but we’re trying to give them some value here. And they don’t know how to make a video. Even with that recruiter that never got back to me, he told me kind of what to put in the video.
Well, it’s just interesting.
He made such a big deal about the exclusivity of the whole thing, and I’ve never heard back from him again. It’s a damn good thing I wasn’t exclusive with him. Fucking still be unemployed. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
No, it’s an interesting problem.
You tell someone to be super exclusive with just you. And they’re really counting on you to find work. And then you never hear back from them again. How fucked up would your life be if you listened to people like that?
There’s a good trust can be good but not when you’re putting all your chips on them. Anyways.
Yeah.
On the bio page, have a button. Generate one-minute bio script. I guess that’s it.
Well, no. Upload up to two-minute video. But we only give you a one-minute script.
Yeah, yeah. In case it goes over. Up to two minutes. We’re only giving you a one-minute bio script.
Then should it list—oh, I think OBS is free, right?
No. They should use Loom. To make the video. Or Zoom. Loom is going to be the easiest way. But.
Loom OBS I use OBS.
No, everybody uses OBS.
What?
Not everybody uses OBS. There’s a lot of options.
I know I download—I can give them a list. So recommend downloading OBS.
What’s it called
Loom. Loom.
How do you spell that
L-O-O-N.
Loom, L-O-M Okay.
L-O-O-M
Yeah, I got it
So you have that Zoom.
Record yourself on Zoom.
Share your screen.
OBS Loom.
Now and yeah, I mean,
those are the main ones. I mean, you can say Riverside, but Riverside is more like a podcast.
Try to make it real simple.
You want to make it simple? You do Zoom. You do Loom. OBS.
Okay.
Everyone does Zoom right now.
I’m trying to remember the one they had us use in college. It’s like—I can’t remember.
What? Loom is the—
Might have been Loom, actually.
You can’t actually upload it from Loom. They don’t allow you to download it. They just give you a share link.
Okay.
That’s cool. Whatever. I just want to—I think if, again, it’s about giving them a sense of value, right? Creating a sense of value. Any kind of sales process. But also giving them some value. And then I really think that if they have a video up there, that’s solid,
and they’re like a few minutes after using this app, they’ve already got a video up, and it’s like a script was generated for them, and holy shit, this is really good. They’re going to recommend it to people. That is how we’re going to make—that’s where we’re going to make our dollars is people are going to be like, “This app is actually pretty fucking awesome.” Check it out. I got this bio page. They’re going to share their bio page with people, and they’re going to be like, “Oh, that’s actually pretty fucking good. I want one of those.” You know what I mean? It’s tangible. If there’s one tangible thing we’re giving them, before we actually find them a job, it’s this bio page.
Yeah. You like that bio page. I put that in there.
Yeah, yeah.
It’s good That was my first thought. It’s like, “Oh, yeah. This is something tangible.” Because until that, we’re giving them promises.
All the other stuff is like, “Yeah, we looked up a bunch of people. We found their LinkedIn.” But you can already go to LinkedIn, and you can already find people. And reach out to people. That’s already—that’s not that special. We’re doing it better, but this is still—you give them a bio page, they have something physical that you actually given them some tangible value where they can be like, “This is a thing I didn’t have before.” I have a page. It was created this way. I might have another page somewhere, but I have this one now. And I’m going to use this and include this in my emails. And it’s a physical thing. We actually did for them. We actually gave them a real thing that they can feel that they actually paid for something, and then got something. If you don’t give them anything tangible where they can say definitively that they actually received something, then
buyer’s remorse is a lot easier. Because they have nothing to show for it. They just have a hope that they might get a job. And they’re wondering if maybe they put their money into something that’s not going to bear any fruit.
But now they have a taste of some tangible thing. I don’t know. To me, it’s good to give them validated, verified value that’s like, “I have a thing. I made a thing. It’s real.”
I didn’t say I didn’t say that one thing.
And now the video, I think adds to that, right? It’s like, “Oh, my video is—they gave me the script for it. It’s based on me. And who I am. And I kind of like my video. And it works on my bio page.” So anyways, I think it’s a big value add.
For sure.
What’s up?
It’s more than MI speaks to you.
Over my space. Does anybody still use my space? It’s more than my space.
How old are you? Do they even have my space? Did you ever even use my space?
My space
Did you use my space? It seemed like you’re too young for my space. Oh, that’s right. You’re not as young as I thought you were.
Yeah. I’m older than I think.
I look younger.
I use my space for a big campaign back in the day.
It was advertising like crazy on that thing. Free advertising. It used a spam bot to reach out to every single band on my space. Thousands of bands.
I didn’t know about that
Yeah. 1877 Get Gigs with these ads that these people rocking out on stage. It was pretty effective ad campaign.
You know what you do? You know what you do? You should do Reddit ads.
Reddit ads tell you right now. Okay.
Yeah. I mean, I’ve had success in the past with this stuff. That was before now they have all this capture stuff. But back before that, my ads were able to get a lot of distance, a lot of people were seeing my ads. For free.
You got Reddit ads and everything.
All right I guess GPT is going to start advertising. There was a funny Super Bowl ad about it. Did you see it?
Yeah. I saw it. Yeah, yeah.
With the mom.
Nice mom. I saw the guy with the little kid with the cloth.
Yeah.
It was cloth making fun of GPT.
Yeah. So there was one that I saw—I didn’t watch it during the Super Bowl. I watched it last night because they were talking about it. So basically,
this guy is talking to his therapist, but then his therapist starts talking, and it’s clearly like, talking just like GPT does. And he says, “I want to have a better relationship with my mom.” It’s been difficult. And he’s like, “Well, here’s how you can do that. You can do this and that and that.” And he’s like, “But if you have trouble with that, go to singles older ladies.com, where you can meet women older women who want to meet younger guys like you.
“ And he’s like, “What That’s disgusting.” Anyways, he’s like, “Hilarious.” It was fucking cold. And they didn’t mention ChatGPT by name, but they were talking about ChatGPT because the therapist talked exactly like ChatGPT. If you ever—it was pretty golden. All right, let’s move on. Sorry. Okay, so we’re on the bio page. It’s looking pretty good.
Any thoughts on the bio page Any improvements? Anything you want to add or take away? Is your bio page have what you would want on it?
Yeah.
So far so good It’s got good visibility.
Okay.
And it should be good.
Okay.
Do you want to—the cool thing I have going on in my version of the bio page was what you could change that you can edit the bio page instead of editing the resume.
I don’t know if that’s a thing you can do here.
Let’s talk about the campaign screen. We’ll come back to the bio page. I want to talk about the campaign screen.
All right
I’m going to try a custom tone.
It’s going to be that time soon. It’s almost two hours.
Let’s see. Campaign I’m going to click. I got to select some people.
Select search.
Okay. I’m going to verify the continue. We should verify button.
Where’s the verify button, dude?
Huh
I got to verify the continue.
What page are you on
On contacts. I can’t pass it.
Where’s the verify?
I got save and continue for me.
Takes me straight to the bio page.
I checked my screen now.
Yeah, let me see.
Where’s your screen?
Is that my screen? It’s in.
See
Yeah, why is it small?
You.
All right
Okay, so I’m here, right I click this company.
I can even pick American Foods just to change that.
Okay, now it’s finding people.
All right I found Jane Doe, which is probably fake, but
verify emails and continue.
Okay, click. Click continue.
What happened to our verify button
Something I said to him.
Damn.
On the contact button,
it says verify now.
This is a strange thing.
Now It was there a difference between this and before.
I’m going to say.
No decision makers.
Okay. So no decision makers. But for this one,
how can Osopic learn?
Oh, you didn’t select any.
Well, no, that’s MSA. MSA select them first. There. Now we know that you selected them. How come this one doesn’t have a verify button?
Okay, let me just say
This one, this one, this one. Let me go a different company. This one.
Because the other one, it worked.
It looks cranky.
All right You see, now this one works.
Why did that work?
It’s just a bug I’ll tell it about the bug.
Okay, like for sendo.ai, it says no decision makers found that company.
It did find it.
I’m never going to page.
All right Well, I mean, I don’t know what else to tell it, but I told it about the issue, and we’ll see if it fixes it. And if not, we’ll loop back and try again.
So now that I’m so I have to go to parasopic learning. And then
because those are the other ones that work. And then I can verify these three emails.
Yeah.
And now I can save and continue.
Okay.
And now I can go to my publisher bio page.
Publish bio page. Okay.
What are we going to talk again?
Campaign.
There’s no what’s that publisher bio page?
Oh. Well, now you open your public page.
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay. So when you open the okay. There we go. There’s a problem. So it actually opens it in the same window. So you’re not able to navigate anymore because now you’re stuck on the bio page. And I don’t want to add a button to the bio page that allows them to navigate back to the thing because it’s sometimes that page is going to be shown to people that shouldn’t be navigating. So we want to say on the bio page,
when they look at the publish open bio page should load in a separate window.
Yeah.
So that they can still navigate to the next page. From where they were.
All right I think it’ll get that.
Let’s see here.
All right Let’s go ahead and go to the next screen.
All right
Okay. This is an interesting one here.
So I kind of want to okay. So pick a person. Pick a tone. And then regenerate. Should say generate. Whatever.
It’s not right
So change.
Regenerate.
Button on the.
Context button, right?
To generate.
Okay. So we can change so the special instructions. Did you see those?
Yeah. I think the campaign screen is looking really good.
Yeah. We’re getting closer to something that makes sense. So you saw the special instructions. You can change them if you don’t like them. You can add to them. You can take away. It says read what I have there because it’s close to what you had on your Apollo or whatever. Right?
So that’s straight from the transcript. Well, no. The special instructions.
So write it concise, human first, email that feels personally written to this person. No fluff openers. Lead with concrete value idea and one credible proof. Use specifics from selected context layers, but do not overstuff. Right? As I’ve made the mistake of doing in the past. End with a simple CTA. 10 call to action. 10 to 15-minute chat. Should we just say call to action? Not everybody knows what a CTA is.
I don’t know Yeah.
Call to action.
Okay.
And instead of CTA, and the special instructions. Although, no, because that’s for the bot.
The bot knows the CTA.
Yeah. The special instructions aren’t for the person. So that doesn’t have to be. Let’s leave it alone.
So they can you can deselect things. So if you don’t want to include
Because you don’t want to roll props to be in there.
Well, you might You may not. So at least be able to remove it.
They might get it They’ll probably get a different email depending on what they select, right? Let’s hope.
Yeah. I want to do it. I’d have my resume, your offer, your role,
payment match, cover research, contact, fun things. And all this is.
Links and contact info. I’d like it at the bottom. They’re going to have their contact info and the links to their bio page or whatever. Or they may not want that. They may just want to like a personal email with no contact info. Who knows?
It’s a footer. It’s like their signature.
Oh, the signature.
So all their links and their contact info. That’s under the name.
Why don’t you just make it signature then It makes it easier.
Because it’s not that It’s the links and the contact info. It’s their phone number. It’s their email address. It’s the well, they’re probably going to have it if they get an email, but it’s their signature. It’s the email that they prefer to be responded to. It’s like the bio page that we just created for them. It’s whatever else that they want included in that. It’s their links and the contact info.
They’re going to see an example when they generate, and then they’re going to decide if they want it. See, there it is. There it is with the links and the contact info. The bio one’s all messed up because we’re going to have to fix that, but it’s okay. See if we get a different message. You can close the email. You can close that accordion. Close the accordion. The context layers thing. There you go. And close the special instructions because they’re not needed. There you go. And there’s the message.
Do we like the message
Yes.
It’s not
Well, they could add something in their special instructions.
They can also make a different tone. Do we like technical tone?
Is it because I didn’t update this? I just don’t like this. I help team ship outcomes.
I mean, I don’t know. How about we change the tone and see if it comes up with a different message?
Let’s see. Okay.
Regenerate.
You don’t like that specific phrase?
I just don’t like ship outcomes. There must be something that I can do to change that. It seems consistent.
I help teams ship outcomes.
In the body of the campaign.
There’s something that’s not human speak. How many times have you told someone to ship outcomes?
Humans I don’t know I think some people do talk like that, but who knows? It is very jargony.
I don’t think humans I know talk like that. Make it more human.
Hi, John
Hi John
It sounds awkward but I have heard people who talk like that. It’s annoying, I don’t find it relatable, and I wouldn’t want it in my email. But I do know people who talk like that. It is a way of talking. It sounds very corporate.
They say a lot of bullshit. What is another thing that they say a lot?
Yeah.
They use a lot of acronyms, which is annoying as hell.
The acronyms.
Fortunately, the organization I’m in right now, they don’t do that shit, but in Optum, all the time. All the time. I was always here in dumb shit that pissed me off. Like that whole put a pin in that, we’ll circle back.
Yeah.
That’s a big company kind of thing. Who deserted that to me too?
I don’t know
Moody’s was always like, “Yeah, can you just call JCP so that they can give you the NLP and then they can give you the NLM?” And then once you get that, just tell Jacob about the JCP and just.
They like to say from a developer perspective, and they like to say at a high level,
here’s the high-level view. Which kind of makes sense because the more like general, but. And then they like to say from a client perspective, they like to say that a lot. They’re always talking about from. But it makes sense once you’re here and you’re like, “Oh, they mean like from the point of view of a developer, from the point of view of a client.”
But how about.
But it sounds at first it’s just like, “What are you talking about?” From a person.
Oh, then they always say “Can I make a case with this? Can I make a case with this case?”
There you go.
They always say that “Can I make a business case for such and such?”
Well, use cases are a critical part of development because you have to.
Yeah.
You have to give an excuse to do the development, right? So they like to say user stories.
Yeah.
Use cases. Those are things. Use cases are the user story is a little bit more like when I got my master’s degree, they talked a lot about user stories. So the user story is when you describe a scenario where Todd has to find Todd is a developer, or no, Todd is a client who wants to find a job. So Claude is on the resume screen and wants to find this job and.
Yeah.
But he clicks this and then he clicks this and then he sees that. It’s a user story. It’s a story about what Todd is doing and how we want to improve Todd’s experience.
It’s one way to program And now that we’re doing a lot of stuff with AI, it actually makes sense to use user stories.
Yeah.
I don’t find it necessary most of the time.
And then time to hallucinate.
Todd is an AI bot. He hallucinates because he takes too many mushrooms.
All right So what are we doing here? Get ad.
Get commit minus M.
14
Yeah. I like special instructions.
Yeah.
Yeah. Because we need to embrace the AI parts. I feel like the brackets are just a little old school. I’ve seen those old emails that used to do that, and it would be kind of clever. It’s sort of like playing Mad Libs. Right? Where it would kind of fill in the adjective and the verb. You played Mad Libs? It’s super fun. When you’re a kid. You get all kinds of inappropriate shit, and it’s super funny. But
it is kind of the same kind of idea. You fill in the words and the role fits in this, but we’re not playing that game anymore. We let an AI make a smart, clever thing.
That’s fine. It’s a tonus type of wacky QR percent. No sexual content, no insults, no guilt, no manipulation. Give me an easy reply. And easy yes, quick chat.
Yeah. So I put some options in there that are on the edge a little bit. So look at the where’s the tone? Can you close the special instructions? So I can and the context layers. Are they automatically popped out, or did you open them?
I opened them.
Okay.
Okay. You made these. I see. I see. You made the tone specific to 84.
Email 4 has crazy options. Just to be fun. It’s like, who cares at this point? They’re not going to ever respond to you unless you get their attention.
So can you close the thing? Because I want to see I want to see the message generated. Close special instructions and context layers so that I can see which tone you selected when you generate the email. There you go. Now click ridiculous and click generate. Let’s see what it does.
I actually haven’t played with it. The last 10 years, but not in here. It has to that’s done. And so obviously, let just like a well-aged cheese. I’m ready to let this conversation mature and leave it on a high note. I hope teams ship out comps. That’s so stupid. Let’s try another one. I hate that so much. It’s like so obvious AI trying to be like, trying to be clever, but not funny at all.
I can achieve it commercial. We age our cheese.
And Todd the cheese is commercial.
I don’t know If people let’s look at some more.
Wait, wait. 45 days for our cheese, for our cheese to age.
Okay. Recruiter short That’s not fun. Manager, collab. They have the original options. Exact.
I’m not forcing them to be crazy. Sad. Let’s see sad.
Generate.
Did it regenerate? There we go. Todd. I know you’re busy, but I really believe I can help teams like yours ship outcomes.
I understand that balancing. That’s not very sad. If not, no worries. At all, reply no, and I won’t reach out again, wishing you and your team. It is kind of sad, right?
It’s kind of like kind of sad. It’s not like overtly sad, but it definitely leaves you with this feeling of like, oh, they’re kind of sad that I didn’t bring them back. Maybe I’ll, I don’t know. It’s fine. Let’s find one of those crazier. I put some crazy options in there. Flirty. Let’s see what that gives us.
No, because I put special instructions that won’t let it. Todd, I help teams ship outcomes. Enrolls a GTM recruiter, especially in the fast-paced world of AI machine learning. If you’re still on the lookout for a way to enhance your hiring efficiency, I’d love to share some ideas. That’s not very flirty. It’s reply no, and I’ll gracefully bow out. A quick chat sounds good. Let’s make it happen. I mean, that is kind of what you would say to a person you’re flirting with, but it’s not very flirty. It’s pretty tame.
Yeah. It just sounds like we’re stuck on.
I mean, it’s a different energy than the other ones.
Last call for oh, last call. Don’t let this opportunity slip away. So commercial.
We’re going to lose them.
We’re going to lose them. Crescendo AI is on the lookout for a GTM recruiter, and I can help teams ship outcomes and roles like that. My expertise in AI and machine they can edit it. If they really don’t like it, maybe some people I don’t know, man.
I hate all of these, but then again, I kind of just hate communicating in this awkward way with people in general. I don’t know if it’s going to be able to create a message that I like.
Because I’m weird And I like I’m super paranoid about how I’m coming across. I don’t know if these are good or not, honestly. I’ve seen worse. I get worse every day. All day long, I get emails that I hate. And are clearly spam. These are better than those.
So I don’t know. I’m going to let you look at these.
I mean, if you’re not certain about that, then we should just use the templates I have. And just use the and just use that so that we have some kind of basis. Because these are all kind of crazy.
Yeah, they’re a little well, these ones are supposed to be a little crazy. That’s kind of the point. But I thought they’d be at least a little more creative and a little bit funnier.
Well,
from what I understand about it,
I think this is a funny one.
Yeah, you’re right Let’s try another.
Wacky.
You know what the problem is to special instructions? Remove them.
Yeah
Just remove all of them.
Say some crazy shit in there. This better be the funniest goddamn thing I ever read.
SNED works too.
Yeah.
The thing is, if it’s not the first email they’ve got from you, we don’t need to give them so much information about us, right?
Yeah.
They don’t need a rehash of everything we’ve already said. They just need some crazy shit that’s going to be like, what the hell am I reading right now? And let me read this.
Attention.
Yeah. Provocative is kind of the whole you’re trying to provoke them to do something.
Okay.
All right Regenerate.
That whole safety thing isn’t necessary because it’s already it’s GPT. They don’t it doesn’t do anything inappropriate. You can’t even get it to. So you don’t need any special instructions that say, oh, let’s not make it too much. Last call is chat. About your GTM needs. I help teams ship outcomes. See, that’s fucking lame, dude.
Yeah, it says that in every email. That’s what I’m trying to say.
Yeah, I know They already know this. Okay, I’ll see if I can get better output with better prompts in here.
It’s not this is something different. If not, I was in the right time. No worries at all. Just think of me as a friendly ghost floating around in the back. Ready to help.
Stupid.
It’s like stupid.
Yeah, I won’t haunt you. I won’t haunt you.
It should lead with the ghost comment is what it should do.
Yeah.
The crazy needs to be earlier because they’re never going to get to it. They’ve already ignored three of your emails and be like, oh, another one of these fucking things. Delete.
But if they’re going to respond to crazy, they need to see the crazy earlier.
True. This one’s silly.
I’m not trying to be the last email here, but I’d love to help you tackle this rapid hiring and specialize in the role.
Help you ship out prompts in a piece of delivery and email. All right, I mean, it’s good. I like that.
Yeah, it’s all right
And they’re still getting.
It’s pretty tame.
I’ll just assume you’re busy making money.
I mean, it’s pretty different It’s pretty tame.
It’s very tame. It’s at least a little bit more fun. I would the other ones I’d give a D for dumb. This one is trying.
Well, the special instructions are a little better.
It’s not so long Yeah, the special instructions suck. So I’m going to say change the special instructions for the.
Well,
yeah, I think yeah.
Not have so many safeguards they should be simply to get their attention and say something crazy, provocativ
e, and unexpected because they ignored our tame and professional emails. We don’t need to rehash all the information we already told them just keep it succinct but off the wall. There.
This is kind of funny.
Yeah
It’s not the same old hiring rules. I’m just pushing stuff. I help ship out enough professional shit. I help ship out enough rules like GTM and recruiter exposure and AI machine learning context, emotional reward for your recruiting process is a smooth as a just as constant Sunday morning.
That’s kind of funny.
It’s all right
And then no more feeling PS if you ever needed podcast guests. We talked about the arm recruiting and liking that.
There you go.
It’s kind of a good PS line.
Yeah, that one is actually pretty good. It’s like, oh, maybe this guy does podcasts. Okay, well, maybe that definitely stepped out of the park. Let’s talk to him.
Yeah, I mean, that’s something.
Yeah, that is something.
Now do you have something in your resume about how you’re like a podcast guy?
Likely, yeah.
So that’s great. That’s actually pretty neat.
That one is reasonable This thing has potential, man. I don’t think we should give up on it yet.
We never give up on these kids.
We can also work on the special instructions until it’s what we’re looking for. It’s obviously too long. I just told it not to make it so long.
I think it’s pretty good It’s going to be the longest one.
Okay.
It’s still not perfect. Who knows how to make it look like a game of roulette and more like a uproar for fans. Only person. I help ship out things around.
If not it’s not a time to rush. Just send me a smoke signal. Okay, okay.
And I’ll take the hint. But when you chat about how we can make it more smooth is better on a hot biscuit.
Honestly, I feel like they should all be fun.
My first email would be like that.
Hello is like,
should be the first one. Yeah.
Yeah. Like the first email they get. Like these are so tame. They’d probably be fine as a first email.
Right
I help ship out prompts.
The pieces of this have been on. These are more conversational anyway.
Let’s give them you know how we only had the wacky and all these for like the fourth email? I’m kind of thinking maybe they should be available for all of the emails. Because none of them are that crazy.
Yeah.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah. Like all of these are fine for like a first email.
For the fourth one, I wanted something shocking. Like I wanted something that would be like, oh shit, this shit is crazy. Like I’m almost upset about this. I’m going to like message them and then I’ll be like, actually, that shit was pretty funny. And then like maybe I’ll call them. You know what I mean? Like you really got to like shake them a little bit. But like for the first email, these are all fine. They’re just a little silly and they’re not like he’s an idiot. They’re more like, he’s kind of funny.
I know the guys I work with right now, like they’re always making jokes. Like it’s jokes all day. It’s dad jokes. They’re not good. But they’re always making some kind of reference to like the office space or you know like they’re always making some jokes, so. Jokes all day. Over there. So yeah, most people have a sense of humor, especially if they’re like creative people.
Yeah.
And do you really want to be in an environment that doesn’t have a sense of humor?
Yeah. I’m not sure.
Yeah. This is good.
This is a good one, right?
This is truly good. I want to see you go.
Is that the sound
Oh, this is truly good I appreciate it.
Why is your signature twice?
Oh, God This is never reset.
Never reset.
Never reset? I like sad.
The sad is the worst.
It’s really meaty, but it’s sincere kind of. It’s like, oh, wow.
It’s pretty bad. I guess they really wanted this job. They’re like, this is the last job they’re going to kill themselves, but I don’t hire them.
You said other guys are the wrong guy.
I need to hire this guy, man. I think this is the last job.
Yeah, man.
This is it It’s either me or the yeah.
He’s down down.
This guy, man.
Yeah.
I don’t know much about this.
Yeah.
All right
What’s this one
Ridiculous.
Imagine if it’s fun we could have optimizing your hiring process.
Your favorite fun yourself in a world wind of rapid hiring.
And through a tough market, I’ll give you your secret weapon.
It’s actually not that crazy It’s actually pretty damn tame. I think all of these options
So if you’re interested, let’s chat. If not, no more feelings. I’ll be here cheering you on from the sidelines, possibly with possible juggling flaming torches.
What the fuck?
We’re going to read this shit.
If you want to keep the conversation just for fun, I don’t want to take my juggling act elsewhere.
No, this should be like, I’m taking my dog Fido to the circus.
Hey, man, if you want to write your own jokes, go ahead, okay?
You know, some of these people are going to change these things, and that’s fine. They can do that. It’s their email. They can do what they want to it. This just gives them a start.
Okay, so I’m going to say, none of these are too crazy for like all four email options. So I’m going to say, make the options that are currently the tone options.
Only for the fourth email as options for all the emails.
Because they are coming out pretty tame.
Okay.
And then, you know, we never look at the launch page, but we’ll just take a second to look at how not ready it is.
So we all right. Well, I appreciate you meeting with me on Super Bowl Sunday.
And I just made those changes we asked for. So they’re going to be up in a bit. All right. Well, thanks for the email. So what you did with the emails was great. So do that again.
Do some testing.
Throughout the week,
send me emails. I’ll try to get them. You didn’t send it to me. You sent it to me earlier today, right? Most of them. So only like a few hours ago.
I was already out but if you like do it like a day or two before, the meeting,
I’ll have a chance to put them in and actually make the updates. And then by the time we get to the meeting, the fixes will be done and we can spend time on other stuff that we discovered during the meeting, not like stuff that you discover between meetings. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Good seeing that.
All right
I’ll talk to you later.
Good night.
Good meeting you.
Yeah, it was a good call. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
