Meeting 5 transcript for updating the RoleFerry App.

Oliver: I'm going to use this as the transcript to inform AI to update the app. 

Dave: I've done a couple of hackathons, and I've also done my presentation on my resume writing at one point, and so he invited me to be at the event, up at the table. I will have a table at the conference. 

Dave: Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, I don't know. I don't know, honestly. So I just put the ranges. Oh, okay. Cool. We'll figure out what makes sense. We might have to try some things and kind of get some feedback, but for now. Yeah. I mean, I think that's eventually what's going to happen. Remote, onsite, hybrid, contract, and part-time. Some of these might overlap, though. So we might want two different things. You can be both part-time and remote, for example. Yeah. But entry-level, mid-level, principal, everybody thinks the lead, but we'll see in a minute. You can type target roles. Yeah. I like that you can type in, because there's just so many different types of roles that people have nowadays. Yeah. Right now, nothing really changes here except the heading, but we can think about that a little bit. Different size companies. I don't think you can put – I don't know if I like any size. Really? I feel like we should force them to pick one. You have to pick one, because the whatchamacallit's going to change, messaging and the contacts are going to change based on the company size. All right. So for the transcript, Dave says we want to remove the any size from the company size options. All right. Yeah.

Oliver: on the job descriptions page we want to add a place to add stored jobs to the left column. and chance shoo-in to easy-in.  

Dave: from the Simplify.jobs website. And I do think that is a great visual because it does allow you to see your pipeline of positions. You know, that was probably the thing I liked the most about what Simplify.jobs does. You can have at least four columns. If you go, I can share my screen like looking at your screen. So this is... Oh, yeah. Where did this come from? Yeah. Well, you sent me a screenshot. That's true. I wasn't looking how you went there. Oh, I see. Where did this come from, literally? So, sorry. This keeps taking me all the way back. So, I think I was not here, but I was... That's frustrating. I need to fix that. Anyway, so I'm on Jobs Description, right? And then I go to Job Tracker. Oh, you clicked... Oh, okay. I didn't notice that. Yeah. And then you can search for roles. Oh, yeah. This is great. Don't you think this looks great? Yeah. It's interesting. Columns need to fit a little better. We've got like too many... Oh, but then you can pick the visible columns, but it's supposed to be like a thing where you can select multiple versus just one. Yeah. I mean, this needs a little work for sure, but I think that you get the idea, and I think that this is really a great functionality. It's supposed to be a briefcase, but it looks like a bottle of water because they made it stretched out. It kind of looks like a bottle. It looks like one of those bottles you put on like the water cooler machine. Yeah. Anyway, so you can pick your status. Your visible columns should be... I think this is great. This is exactly what I was talking about. The application hub, it's like... It looks great. I mean, the concept of it looks great. You know, this is what I was looking for. Yeah. The UI can be adjusted a little bit, but... We've got to fix it. It's all messed up, but we get the idea. Yeah.

Oliver: for, you know, everything else in terms of, you know, the, whatchamacallit, the next steps all kind of work off of that step. Yeah. So this is the context search, right? You can export a CSV. It actually does that already. We're kind of just looking at a wireframe. You can find a contact on the next one. So what do we do? So you went to step six, right? Go back to, um, so you go to wireframes. This is technically step six. Yeah. So that's step four, pain point. Yeah. Job description pain point. Yeah. Now in this pain point one, okay, you do have that. You have pain point, yeah, because it didn't have the, wait, wait, that company summary? Okay. All right. Tech company, company summary. Okay. Yeah. Oh, I wanted it to have a variable here. Where? Email variable for this, um, pain point one. So the variable email? Yeah. Email variable for, um, this, this challenge one scaling infrastructure company pain point need to scale back an infrastructure to handle 10 X traffic growth. Okay. Um, that should have a more variable, um, that says like pain point one. Um, it makes sense. Which it could be like a combination of those two. Yeah. And that should be pain point two. So that just, we're just missing the email variables under those challenges. Okay. So challenge one would be like challenge one and challenge two. Yeah. You can, you can put challenge one and challenge two. Or you can keep it consistent with the pain point. Then maybe I should put pain point. I just don't want it to be like four different names for one thing. So challenge, you're right. I'm just thinking if we want to do that. Ultimately you're, you're leading the, like you're basically the product owner kind of like you, you lead the direction of all the changes. I'm just kind of here to offer ideas and then for you to kind of tell me and shoot them down if you don't agree. Cause you're the one who uses this stuff, you know what I mean? Like you're the one who, who understands the industry. I'm just the guy who can think of some ideas and share them. And ultimately I'm, I'm, I'm supposed to be implementing what you put out there. Anyways.

Dave: So on the offer creation page, we don't want three buttons that say text, link, and video. It's just that there's a personalized offer, which is a text field. And then there should be a place to enter a link, if there's one to be included. And then there should be a place to upload a video on that screen. And then that video should be embedded into the email.

Oliver: On the left-hand side of the offer creation page, we can have a list of offers, and you, like, select one of the offers to edit it, right? Yeah, if you've created a couple, you want to have, like, a database, so, you know, because they're going to—they might be working a long time on, like, this offer, and then they want to save it, and then they want to have, like, a database area. Yeah, but, you know, you might want to edit an offer. You're like, you know what, that offer's kind of weird. Let me fix it. Maybe on the left, it would be, like, no offers if there's none created yet, but then if there are, there can be, like, you know, offer for, you know, tech jobs and another offer for program manager jobs or whatever, and then they have, like, you know, different offers, and then they can pick their offer and edit it and change some of its verbiage and maybe change the tone or whatever. Maybe they'll have a different offer for each of these guys, you know, whatever. However many offers they want to save into their little campaign. It's almost like having, like, a library. Yeah, so it'll be saved in a database. I'm just talking about how it's displayed on this page here. So it might be a split screen, so you think on the left is better than on the right? Do you care? I think so. I think left is just—seems left is easier. You see it first, right? Okay. So on the left, we want—same with the—oh, I did that thing again, didn't I? So same with the pain point. No, it's not pain point. It's job description. So just like on the job description page, we're going to have a column for jobs right here. Yeah. These are job descriptions that we've saved on the left-hand column. There should be a similar column on the— on this one, on the find and select context. Oh, no, we're not there. No, I think these are a little bit out of order. Yeah, they are. So context— This—what? Context? No, no, no, no, that's not it either. I think it's seven. Seven? Yeah, the one below. So click on that, and then offer— Oh, the offer creation. So on the offer creation and on the job page, we definitely need a column for— where it takes ones that we've stored in the database and displays them there for each user. So we want offers that they have on the offer creation page and jobs that they've saved on the job creation page.

Dave: On the Find and Select Contacts page, we probably want to add a list of contacts that we've added to our list of people we're going to outreach to. Again, on this left-hand column, we're going to want to save certain contacts that we are collecting as we go through this campaign creation. Yeah, one screen is like searching and one screen is like what's actually in your database. The way they have it on Sales Navigator, right, so you have a list of roles and then for each or a list of whatever, right, contacts or whatever. Or for each of the companies. And then for each company, there's a list of contacts. So essentially, it's the same thing. You have to select a role and then for each role, it's going to list all the contacts for that role. So all these contacts that are on the left will just display the contacts that you have populated for that specific role. If you want to show a different list of contacts, you have to go back, pick a different role, and then come to this page and it should show a different list of contacts.

Oliver: Is it the specific graphic you didn't like, or do you think there's any way to fix it? I like the images, though. I like the arrows with images. I think those look good. Just like footprints doesn't look as appealing. I think that maybe if we wanted to have it bigger, like a little more blown up, and then have like three dots, or like three dashes in between each one. So it's more of like buttons, but there's also like a line or dashes behind the buttons. I suppose there should be some footsteps behind the buttons, like in between them. Yeah, like footsteps behind the buttons, and then it could also loop around. We could even add them, so that way it kind of shows you which way to walk. So you've got to walk to this stop, and then to this one. And then you won't really need the arrows, because the footsteps will kind of show you, you walk down here, and then they can be real small. Yeah, the images can be bigger. The images are important. I feel like people love to see images like that. Like the arrows make sense in my head, but they're not working for me visually. So like the footsteps would just be like walking from this box to the next box. It could be a building, it could be whatever, it could just kind of stay somewhere. But anyways, the footsteps kind of walk from one to the next to the next, and they walk down, and then over, and kind of walk in an S shape. I think, yeah, that's how it is. So I'll have the footsteps, but they won't be above. You know what might be cool too? Might be cool too, just working off that idea. Yeah. It's like, make it like stepping stones. There you go. Stones have images on them. Makes sense. Yeah. And then finally you have to like get on the dock where the boat will come. Once you get, I can even have a little animation, right? So you step on the dock after you finally, and then the ferry comes and picks you up. And then you like float away and then, you know, presumably have a job, right? So. That's cool. Yeah, I mean, if you want to work off that analogy, you can have these big like stepping stones, and the stones can have the images. Okay. Yeah, stones would probably be more aesthetic too. Okay. Yeah, we'll try the stones.

Dave: Those are email variables for the pain point page. Yeah, you definitely need email variables for the pain point match. The email variables are in the context. Yeah. Okay, so then we have this campaign composer. Oh, you made this? I thought this was a cool idea. What were your thoughts on how... We're going to get this straight from there. Look at the little image there. You like this image? Huh? You like how this looks with the extra small... I thought it was worth a shot. Why not? I mean, I don't know. I don't really have any position to be, like, disagreeing. I know. You know what I mean? Like, I don't have any context, so I'm just going to kind of go with what you send me, and we'll try it out and see how it goes. All right. So we've got an email body. We can select the size. So then... You are going to have to take out octaves, because that's, like, we're just copying. We'd want people to know that we're copying. Yeah. Well, no, you're right. We'll change it up a bit. But for now, it's fine to start from where we're at and kind of figure out what we want to change up. If you have another idea of how you want to rename anything, we can put it in the transcript and get it changed up. So here's the email, right? It says, hi, Gene. I noticed the senior software engineer role at TechCorp and was particularly interested in your focus on scaling backend infrastructure. My background in microservices architecture has consistently led to results like 99.9% uptime and 20% cost reduction. I believe my skills are a strong fit for your team's needs. Would you be open to a brief chat to discuss how my experience can help with current challenges? Best, your name. And then, so this is several stages, right? So you've got the initiate conversation, schedule a meeting, request an introduction. You can see the dropdown, because sometimes dropdowns are… Yeah, I can see it. Okay. And then politely disengage, like, fuck you, Gene. And then custom. All right. I'm trying to politely disengage now that I have a job. I have, like, 50 job pitches a day from these Indians. I'm like, guys, no. Thank you. No. Thank you. Come on. I want to be able to find my actual emails. Like, I can't even get to them. I'm filling up with job pitches. Anyways, you get the idea. So show advanced options. So we've got some of those. Politeness, all the way down to angry. No. I don't see angry. Angry would be funny. We're not trying to be funny. I'm trying to be funny, but we're not. So formal, neutral, and casual. And then sentence complexity. All right. And simple, mixed, or complex. That's kind of interesting. And include emojis, or don't. I would say you should put a button that says do not include emojis. Oh, yeah. I know. I'm going to check it, and it won't. But if you want to, if that's your style, some people are like, yeah. It kind of depends on who you're sending it to. Like, if they send you emojis, then maybe you should send them emojis. Sometimes I'm in an emoji mood. Sometimes I like to send an emoji so they know I'm not mad. Right? Because I'm like, the tone of this email kind of sounds like I might sound pissed, but I'm not. But I can see how they can read it that way. Add a little smiley face in there so they know it's okay. Yeah. Okay. It's a little happy. It's like, we're cool. All right. So. Oh, the templates. I definitely like that. I'm going to send you some of the templates that I made so that, you know, they can have some ideas on, you know, the templates I made. Because those templates are really good. So template A is a polite nudge. Then you've got a value add, a final attempt, and then generate, or you can generate what they add. So there you go. Follow-up sequence. So we've got some different stuff kind of in the rough stages here. It's not a complete workflow. It sort of feels like it's missing some pieces, right? Yeah, well, is this the campaign composer? Aren't you? I think we are missing a piece because there's a couple before this. Okay. Let me go back.

Oliver: This is the one that people are going to actually use, because all those steps before are building up the variables on the right side, so this is the one that they're going to use. Gotcha. All right, so we've got email composer, so we want to simplify language, replace jargon with definitions. I think the difficulty would be combining the last two, or maybe combining the last two, or keeping them separate. I don't know. I don't know either. It might be okay to have them separate. Yeah, we don't need this recruiter, manager, executive, because we did that off of creation. Okay, so from the compose, we already know the tone and the role that we're approaching, so we can remove the recruiter, manager, and executive from that.

Dave: I, you know, have a phone screen, but a phone screen will be before interviewing, just like that. Let's note some changes on this so that next time we look at it, it looks a lot better. So, one thing I'm putting in the transcript is I want to make sure that the visible columns, you can select multiple columns. If you don't select those columns, then those columns won't be visible. Right now, you can only select one visible column at a time on the dropdown, and it's showing lots of columns, and they extend beyond the outside of the screen. We want all the columns that are displayed to fit in the screen. If that makes them very narrow, that's okay. They can always scroll individually on each column. And what was the thing that you were saying? Right now, it's doing it right where it shows each thing as a card, its own separate card, right? Yeah. Just like on the other app thing you showed. All right. Do you want to change? Yeah. So, yeah. I want the phone screen to go first. Okay. So, saved, applied, phone screen, interviewed. Okay. So, phone screen is the first column? No, no, no. Saved, applied, phone screen is the third column. Okay. Phone screen. So, saved, applied, phone screen. Then, interviewing. Makes sense. Yep. And then, you're negotiating. And then, offer. Wouldn't you negotiate before the offer? You do. Yeah, I guess you do. And then, rejected. Mm-hmm. All right. Cool. All right. Anything else? No. So, this is just – can you – how do you move them over? So, let's say you have this – let's say you apply to senior front-end developer, and then you get a –

Oliver: How do you do that? Well, I don't know. Just grab it and drag it? No, we would probably, like... Oh, how does it move? Well, I guess there could be, like, an arrow on it? What do you think? Well, yeah, I mean, can you grab it and then just, you know... Like this? Like that? I mean, right now, it's not that interactive, but it could be. So right now, you click on it and it says Move to Next Stage. If you want to put it in small text at the bottom right down here... Move to Next Stage? Yeah, maybe just a button. So right now, it says Senior Frontend Developer for the Innovate Inc. and this little card. We want it on the bottom right-hand corner. Put Move to Next Stage, a little arrow, and that should move it to the next column over. Perfect. That's what I wanted to do.

Dave: So, Job Tracker should be a button, and then its heading should also be JobTracker. Correct. Okey-dokey. And it can also keep its button there, because it doesn't hurt anything to have it there. Yes. Alright, so moving on to pain points. We've already discussed that means those little bracketed things for the email. And all these things are essentially going to be variables. Yes. That's what these things are. You're building a campaign. Yes. So, all these things, even this should have variables, because all these things, like Offer 1, Offer 2, all these things are just going to be variables. So, when you get to the Compose page, it makes it very easy for you to write the email, because you've essentially broken it down into smaller pieces previous to this Compose page. So, it should be easy for you to get this done. Yes. So, that brings up that. So, under Available Variables, it needs to list all the previous screens. That's correct. Because that's ultimately what we're doing. We're building a campaign. Alright, so under the list, this is for the transcript, under the list of Available Variables, the variables that are there are probably fine. But we also need to make sure that there's at least one variable for all the previous screens that led up to this, because that's the whole point of those screens, is to build the campaign. It should all be culminating to this composition. So, if there's any screens that do not have variables, then those screens need variables. And if there's any variables from those screens that aren't listed under Available Variables, then they need to be listed.

Oliver: If we want to keep costs as low as possible, then we need to have on this page probably the job descriptions, because you have to think about it being connected. It's almost like a three-link causation, if you will. Because, you know, three cause and effects linked together. Because the job description is talking about the company name and perhaps the person that this job is reporting to. That makes sense. So from the finance-like contact page, they should be able to pick one of the jobs, right? And then that should populate the list of contacts. And then they can save those contacts. But yeah, you're right. The list of contacts should relate to specific jobs that they've already saved. And then that list of jobs can carry over here. So they may not even see the list of jobs they've saved on the jobs page, because they're adding it from there. And then when they get to the next one, it should show all the jobs they've saved. And then they're going to need contacts for all those jobs. So then that should populate on this page, on this finance-like contacts page.

Dave: So I added a little bit down here. It's a bit weird formatting-wise. I don't know why it says reigns. I just did that. So I'm sorry. I'll get rid of that. Roll Ferry turns job wrecks into warm conversations with hiring managers without tab-hopping. Place one to three qualified intros per week. Give us two of your open roles and we'll deliver qualified intros in 14 days or you don't pay. So this was something that I plugged in because I was asking GPT, like, you know, how should I introduce this to the market, right? And I created this conversation where, like, I had different experts from, you know, different billionaires and different experts, like, you know, based on all their experience and the kinds of advice they would give. And it was just kind of a brainstorming session. But I just wanted to run some ideas by you. This is all still rough. We have a couple weeks probably until we start talking seriously about how we're going to officially put it in front of people. But you can give me some feedback. So place one to three qualified intros per week. Give us two of your open roles and we'll deliver qualified intros within 14 days or you don't pay. There's one way we can kind of introduce it low risk for people. And then just kind of see if our product actually does what it's supposed to. And if it doesn't, then we can. I think that the first thing would be based off of them switching job seeker to recruiter, you have different benefits, right? So I wouldn't show both of these. I'd show one of them based off of if you scroll up. If you scroll up, you'll see the job seeker. Oh, wait. Oh, so that should be. Yeah. I think that this is great, but it needs to somehow show the two different people. Because job seekers want to see qualified intros. Recruiters want to see 10 hours per rep, right? So this would be a workflow screenshot. You might be able to visualize what that would look like. And then a campaign screenshot. Those were just recommended things for me to plug in based on my little conversation. I don't actually know what that would look like yet, but I'm sure we could get there fast enough with some brainstorming. Founders tier. So here's a pricing idea that was recommended to me by the AI lords. So the founders tier would be the $4.99 setup plus $99 a month or $0 setup at $2.99 a month. And then the enterprise pilot would be $2,500 for one recruiter seat plus two recs. And then the white glove setup and API export. And then these are just kind of ideas. But we can think about how we want to. Yeah. I mean, I could definitely. I mean, we could definitely charge, bro. I mean. These are food for thought. We want to start with something that's low risk for them and kind of puts the responsibility on us a little bit. But not to the point where we're, like, getting ourselves in trouble. But also, like, if our product doesn't work right, we can fix it and nobody's going to be mad at us. Right? I don't want to generate a bunch of. The people that are going to get into this at the beginning are people that are, like, previous clients, friends. Yeah. Those type of people. Yeah. Lots of free feedback would be great. Well, I think that we're going to have a ton of that. You know. So right now, if you click the book of consult, it goes to my Calendly. But we could probably change it to yours if you want to talk to these people. And then start trial. That just doesn't do it. It sticks to the top of the page. And then frequently asked questions. So we've got, what is the 14-day guarantee? If we don't deliver one to three qualified intros for your two pilot roles within 14 days, you don't pay. What's included in the white glove setup? We'll work with you to integrate with your existing systems and ensure your team is fully onboarded. And then can I cancel anytime? Yes. You can cancel your subscription anytime. So anyway, it's just basic stuff, I guess. Yeah. I mean, I've worked on that a little bit. Yeah. That's the idea. I don't know if you had a chance to look at this stuff. But just so you know, $200 billion is what we expect. That's good. That's the global market size. This is based on real data. So we've got a global recruitment market is valued at $200 billion. So we can try to get a chunk of that, right? I'd be happy with one of those billion. Are you okay with splitting that with me? Sure. All right. Just $500 million. But if we can just take 1%, actually, 1% of that $200 billion, we could have a couple million. If we get a million, I mean, I'd like to run the numbers, some real numbers, not like chat GPT numbers. But like I said, there's a whole community of people that are living in Charleston right now that want increases in their income. And they're like chopping that to bits. Yeah. But this is the actual market. The actual recruitment market, right, the global, global, is $200 billion. Yeah, global. I mean, it's a lot. $200 billion is a lot, too. Annual growth rate is big. I mean, there's no reason why we should be stuck in the U.S. If the app works, it works, right? There's nothing regional about it. You got to start global first. I don't know why. Because local gives trust. People locally that know me here, they'll talk to each other and they'll be like, okay, well, this guy makes sense and everything. Where do you live, by the way? Huh? Where do you live? Charleston. Charleston, South Carolina. South Carolina, okay. In the beginning, you really have to get, like, it's really got to, I really got to start global by me. I really, because a couple things. Number one, because it's, you know, it's brand new and the locality breeds trust. And if we build this up well enough, Oliver, this kid could have a mind of his own, dude. Yeah. If we do this well enough, we actually wouldn't have to do anything anymore. Because the community, local community, that finds this very, very valuable, they're going to tell their friends and their friends are going to tell their friends. And then eventually the community is just going to be doing all the work, talking to everybody, because who doesn't want a fucking job? Sure. I agree that, like, having some local buzz would be great. I'm just saying the way we're building the app, I don't, I can't think of anything regional about it. No, I mean. I don't think there's any variables that make it even stateside. Honestly, you can, with one little tiny change, you could make it so that any currency can be listed. I think every country in the world hires people for something. Yeah, but I mean. Even dictators hire contractors. There's tons of nuance in all of that, right? Yeah, yeah. It's very easy to say the whole world can use it. I mean, I would just say, instead of using global, you should just do U.S. right now. We don't want to go over the top. We should just do U.S. right now, market size. We're not doing global. We're not doing anything overseas. Because then it kind of seems like we don't know what we're doing. Because the truth is, recruiting is very different. In London versus in America. In Africa versus in America. In China versus America. In India versus America. Hiring is different. There's differences in resumes. There's differences, there's a lot of differences across the country, how people hire. Okay. Okay. Those are some good notes.

Oliver: This is a real guy, and if I could sit next to him side by side to get into it, they're going to be like, the risk is really, I don't know these people, how do I know if I spend time with them, this is going to go anywhere. Okay, so how big is Charleston? I don't know. Can you just give me an idea, I don't know anything about it, I've heard the word, I don't know anything about it. So tell me, compare it to another town I guess, just not numbers, just approximately, would you call it a medium sized town or a city? I would call it a smaller city. I would definitely call it a smaller city, it's a very tight knit group. So it's not, have you ever been to Charleston, South Carolina before? No. The reason why I'm here is because it's not like a city, it's not like New York City or Charlotte or Texas. Are there skyscrapers at all? No skyscrapers at all. Okay. Alright, so it's like a small city. I live in Mission, which is like a medium sized town, and then the next biggest city is McAllen, which is pretty big, because their post office that I used to work at serves like the entire region, but there's no skyscrapers. There's some bigger buildings that are like banks and stuff that are a little bit taller, maybe like ten stories or something, but that's only a few buildings I've done. Yeah, it's relatively small area. The reason I ask is, so if we're going to have like, I'm going to get rid of the global size, right? So from the executive summary page, we want to get rid of the global, because global is unrealistic and loses trust. But we do want the U.S. market size and the annual growth rate for the U.S. We want days average time to hire for the U.S., bad hire rate for the U.S. So we're going to scope it to the U.S., but then into that, we're going to have our example market, which could be Charleston, if it's big enough where we could have potentially, what, ten, fifteen clients? Like, how many recruiters are in Charleston? Yeah, there's a lot of recruiters in Charleston. There's a lot of recruited companies. That's definitely like a chat GBT thing. You could probably chat. You could probably chat GBT, like how many recruiter, recruiting agents. I don't need to know the number right now. Is it okay to scope it to Charleston? Is that going to be viable for us as like a test town? I think it's going to be viable. Okay, so we'll show the market opportunity for U.S. and the market for Charleston and then also for all of South Carolina. So we'll have three. Three scopes of perspective to kind of give people a solid idea of how big the market is for your region, your hyper-narrow region, and then the country as a whole. But you're right. If what you say is true, that the global hiring market is just so diverse that scoping it that big is just going to be seen as ridiculous, then I don't want to do that. Again, I know nothing. I had a guy from Saudi Arabia talk to me about a hiring app that I was working on called Hire Falcon that I showed them that I had worked on, and they were interested in what was it called? WhatsApp. They wanted to hook it up to WhatsApp or whatever. Anyways. Well, there's also a tremendous amount of hiring scams right now. Yeah, so I think they were running one of those and wanted me to help them. It was after I talked to you about WhatsApp, and I just kind of lost interest in working with them. I didn't like shut them down. I just kind of didn't care. They didn't call me back, and I was like, yeah, I'm just going to let it go. I'm not going to follow up with them because I don't really want to, like, mess with them. So anyways, here's the... Yeah. It's a big piece. It's a big piece. So financial projections, again, used to be based on a national scope, a statewide scope, and a citywide scope. Yeah, I'd say that what we would do, to be honest with you, Oliver, is we would do it in South Carolina because of the local community here and the local community's success and everything. And then once we have success in South Carolina, Charleston area, then we would go to New Jersey, and then we'd go to New York City. Those are some big states. Yeah, because...

Dave: And so what happens is when you're in such a big city, you actually don't talk to that many people. You know, you go to an event, a new person every single time at an event. There's never the same person twice. There's just so many freaking people. And so that does not allow for relationships to be built because you're not seeing the same people every time. And so that's why I like Toronto, South Carolina. It's a smaller city. It builds stronger relationships with people. And that brings more trust. And, you know, there's thousands of startups that come up. And, you know, trust is really the key element of business. Yeah. All right, so why invest now? AI adoption and recruitment is accelerating. Proven technology, working prototype with demonstrated AI capabilities. Experienced team, deep expertise in AI recruitment and enterprise software. Clear path to revenue, multiple monetization strategies, and proven demand and scalable platform technology. We'll probably work on that a little bit. So what do you think of this investment ask? So if we get someone to give us $2 million, right, we'd use it for product development and AI model training, sales and marketing. Probably actually less for this and more for this, right? Team expansion. I don't know how big we want our team. Maybe just like two other people, someone to help you and someone to help me, basically. So we can work on your marketing and we can work on someone to make sure that what I'm building is resilient and really good. So like a really good like software person to kind of like, you know, make sure this is a very solid app that lots of really good security built in and everything else. And then also with like, you know, security data. Yeah, security is a big piece, right? And then for you, like someone to make sure that it's, you know, a good salesperson, basically. Make sure you guys can sell the shit out of this thing because that's where the money's made, right? We need both sides have to be covered. So basically, if we just expand our team by two, they won't be partners. They'll work for you and they'll work for me. Basically, we'll each have a team. You can build your team as big as you want, but we're going to probably have to cap how much we can invest. So let's say we got the $2 million. Why not, right? And we, you know, we can just split it 50-50 as far as like, or however, whatever makes sense. Let's say 20% of that, which would be what, $400,000? Is that right? Yeah, so $200,000 would be 10%. And then, so yeah, so $40,000. And so that means you would have $10,000 to invest and $10,000 to invest. Or, yeah, $400,000. You would have $200,000 to invest out of $200,000 to invest in just the team expansion part, right? And the rest would be spent on actual marketing fees like, you know, buying ads. And then I don't know exactly what operations and infrastructure was. I guess that would be like if we have to pay for the backend stuff like the, what do you call it? It starts with an O. The name of the service. Apollo? Apollo. It starts with an A. Anyway, so like paying for Apollo and anything like that that we might need that we aren't able to build ourselves. Operations and infrastructure, I don't know, whatever comes up. And then these are just thoughts. Production and development, we may adjust that and put more toward team expansion. Maybe probably a lot more toward sales and marketing. Honestly, we just want to like nuclearize the sales and marketing thing. Yeah, I honestly think, Oliver, seriously, I honestly think that this is going to be really popular. And I really think that if we have a lot of sales and marketing towards this, it's really just going to be a community that builds it. I honestly think that we're going to build this up and then other people are going to be so impressed and so blown away that they can get a job with this. That they're going to tell their friends, they're going to tell their friends. And we can put it on school to make it like a community thing. And then everybody is just going to communicate on school, back and forth, talk to each other. We're just going to be in the background. The community is going to run itself. That's what I think. Well, that would be ideal. Who doesn't want to do this? I'm all about never do a job search alone. I'm all about all these things. And there's a lot of support groups. And then people can create all these things by themselves on their own within a community like school. This would really, I think, just build, it'll just run itself. What you need to do is just do a tremendous amount of sales and marketing to get people jobs. And once they get the jobs, they're going to advocate the shit out of this because everyone's out of a fucking job. The other thing I have to worry about a little bit is the server. So, like, if we get big quickly, which if we do good with the sales, it needs to be able to handle the amount of traffic. So that's where some of that operations infrastructure, that can get expensive. But not until it gets big. So a good thing about that is if we get a lot of traffic, it means we've already got the customers. And we've already have the money to invest in the infrastructure to support that number of customers. And then, like you said, the sales and marketing, fortifying the app and making sure it can stand. Also, so with a lot of customers comes a lot of feedback. And we have to be on it when it comes to, like, fixing issues, bugs and problems. Maybe there's things about the workflow that we disregarded. We might get a lot of feedback about a specific change that should be made. And we should make it within a day or two, right, so we don't lose interest. Because part of the problem should be, you know, like regular updates. You know, you see the best apps have, like, updates every week, you know. Some even more often than that, right. So there are constant updates. This is where, like, team expansion might come in, is to have someone kind of, like, stay on top of all that. I mean, I feel like we need a community manager. That's what we're going to need. Okay. Personally, I think this is going to be a huge community thing. Because, like I said, it has to start with a bunch of trusted people that are local, that know me. And they're going to be like, yeah, I'll do it because I trust you. And I know you've been doing it for a long time. Or I'll do it because I know you're local. You've been to this event hundreds of times. And, you know, I know you're into this stuff, right. And then those, like, core people all go into a school, like a community thing. And then there's a community manager that's, like, giving, like, tips or something. And then they tell their friends and everyone gets into it. And then it's all just going to be a big-time community. So this is what JatCPT thinks we're going to be making. I hope they're right. So we're going to make $2 million on our first year. Sounds good. Yeah, I mean, JatCPT says we're going to be a millionaire tomorrow. I don't believe him. I'll take it. No, but you've moved the desktop place and it's still pretty cool. Yeah, so. I mean, I think that's the main thing here in terms of custom metrics and everything. I like the structure here. But, I mean, for one thing, we don't know how the success fee is going to do. We don't know if the mode is up front or, you know, not up front. I mean, how I've always done it is there's, like, an up front fee. And that sort of thing. And that kind of, that's important because that's what gets you.

Oliver: You've heard of Trello before? I've heard of it. I don't really know, I think. I think I've used it to like apply for a job or something, maybe. No, Trello, it's a Trello, so the whole idea that we have on SimplifiedJobs for the job tracker, yes, we're copying SimplifiedJobs, but SimplifiedJobs copied Trello. I see. Okay, so the market pain points, so this is where our app can maybe be useful. We've got the current market inefficiencies, the high time to hire, average of 42 days to fill a position. I don't know what – see, this is why the regionals data would be helpful. So if we knew what it was for the U.S., for South Carolina, and for Charleston, that could be useful. Yeah, I think this should all be done nationally and regionally. Globally, it's not going to be – Yeah, I don't even know if these are – these could be U.S. numbers, but we don't know, so let's make sure we've got that locked in. And then competitive landscape, right? So these are our competitors. These guys are all – These aren't really our competitors. These are ATS systems. These are not competitors. They are when they combine. So we've got a lot of controls where you have to use more than one, right? Like can – what's it called? Not Canva, but what's the one you use? My brain isn't good at recalling information today. Tell me again. What's the one that starts with a C that you use? Oh, Clay? Clay, that's the one. Yeah, I mean, I feel like the competitive landscape should be more like that. Like we're not actually replacing ATS systems at all. They do something completely different. What we're replacing is like Outreach.io. Outreach.io is like a competitor. Okay. our clay naa

Dave: add things. And because they understand them probably better than we do because they have lots of data from lots of customers already and what demands exist. So it's reasonable to assume that our competitors will be more competitive. Definitely want to keep an eye on what they're up to. Kind of like ChatGPT, right? So ChatGPT is being, a lot of companies or a lot of other apps are like incorporating GPT into their thing. But then ChatGPT is like, well, you don't need to because we're going to go ahead and incorporate their use case into our thing. So for example, they have like their own search engine now and they've got like their own code editor now, right? So now you don't have to go to like cursor, you can just go to GPT and it's got its own code editor. And then they've got like, you know, different kind of like ad ranking systems that are on GPT. So they've got, GPT is kind of taking over the market itself. It's like you don't need to, you don't need to create your, you don't need to bring GPT to your company. We're just going to like own everything. So anyways, some of these guys are going to do it. Target market segments, mid-market companies. So this is just your standard like stuff that an investor would probably want to know. And we can refine it and make sure it's accurate and scope it to our desired levels. Product roadmap, current status. We're kind of building the minimum viable product, the MVP right now, right? It's got the 10 tab workflow. We've talked about adding some footsteps to make it better narrative, but we're not going to make footsteps. Yeah, the stepping stones, that's right. So, but then, so then there's the 10 tab workflow, the complete end to end workflow from job preferences to campaign launch with AI powered automation at every step. Kind of a good selling point. People are, AI is obviously the biggest buzzword right now by far. AI model training and optimization, training and fine-tuning AI models for, I don't, I don't know if training is the right word. It's 2026, not 2025. True, yeah. So we need to fix that. So on the product roadmap, we need to change the quarter one to quarter two, 2025 to quarter one, quarter two to 2026. I think it might be possible to get started at least by quarter two. Same thing with the phase scale too. I mean, this might be an interesting goal. We have the benefit of, I mean, this is kind of my weekend job now, right? So, you know, so this is kind of just keeping that in mind too. It's kind of our weekend project. Just to be realistic, you know, until it brings in revenue, we have to be realistic. So if I can dedicate, you know, a good two days a week to like making the updates and everything until it like, as an investor, if someone gives us a million bucks, I'll quit my job and we'll just focus on this, right? But yeah, I mean, but I mean, we can't get too far ahead of us. We need an operational product and then, I mean, I think that we're really not even, it's really going to be an MVP even at January. By the way, you said you watched several videos from Dave Martell, right? So one of the things you probably noticed that he advocates is, you, he likes to sell the app before he's even started building it yet. Really? So yeah, so if you watch more of his videos, you'll see that's kind of a big point. So what he used to do is he would spend, you know, this was before AI, but he would build apps for months and months and then present it to a customer and they'd be like, well, it's kind of what I need, but not exactly. So now what he's been doing for the past however many years and what's made him like worth hundreds of millions of dollars is he pitches the ideas. First he finds out, you know, obviously the needs of the customer, then he pitches them that matches their needs. And then once they, he gets them to pay, once they've paid him, then he builds them the app. So it's the best way to fund your thing to know it's even worth your time and energy. I mean, you can always give their money back. You know what I mean? I'm not saying we need to spend the money. We get the money, we build the app or we don't and we give their money back. I'm not trying to do a fly-by-night situation here, but you know, we definitely want to know that what we're creating is going to have value for them. And again, it's really easy to get stuck into a project. It's like a ton of work, a ton of time, and then it's not quite what they would need. Now it's helpful that you're in the industry and you know what's needed and you, you know, you can kind of guide that. But if I were just an app developer, like I am, I'm just kind of creating apps. It's kind of hard to know what to spend my time and money on. So since I watch... I also have a great audience that can use this stuff. So I think that it just needs to be a part of functional. So, you know, we can actually, it actually works. And then we can get a bunch of friends that I know, a bunch of people, and then, you know, we can, like, all those people that, all the friends and people that I know, they can all pay. That's not like, and they know that they're getting something, that value of, you know, tens of thousands of dollars to get a new job. And they pay, what, $500? Because, they don't, you know, know, we don't, we haven't really figured all that case out yet. You know, it's like... Another thing is, we want to think about the kind of way to sell this to a bigger client for a lot more.

Oliver: ...for feedback regularly. They should, you know, in order...basically the cost of admission is weekly feedback, right? So, as long as they're giving their weekly feedback, they're able to continue to use the app. As soon as that feedback slows down because the app just works, right? Then we can just...everybody else we approach is getting it basically for a premium, right? That's kind of... I don't think...personally, I don't think giving something for free works. Okay. They don't see the value. I've done this for many years. Yeah, you're right. People don't see the value of...the value of free things. You're right. They have to pay something. They can't get it for free. Gotcha. And it's going to be people that are...first people that do this are going to be people that are close to me. People that are, you know, friends that, you know, we're going to be willing to pay. You know, I don't think it's going to be an issue. So, yeah. Yeah, I just want a lot of feedback and I don't want a lot of headaches. So, in other words, like, I don't know how well it's going to work in the beginning. There might be issues. So, I'd like to handle those issues gracefully in a way that's like, yay, we learned about some issues we can fix and I don't have to refund anybody, you know, like that. Yeah, we have to create...what we would have to create, and we should probably talk about this now since it's important to you, is getting a detailed feedback form so that we can get exactly what we're looking for. Yeah. Creating that, like, that might be a quick GPT thing. Oh, yeah. Creating the form is not a problem. But, yeah, collecting what we need, like, weekly, and then we can just kind of feed all the forms into GPT and prioritize the changes. You know, you've seen how quickly I can make changes based on your email, right? So, making the changes is no issue. But, unless I don't know what they are. And, like, I don't want to have an issue where, like, the product stays sucky for three months when it could have been changed overnight because we're not asking enough questions. So, yeah. I want to know if there's anything that could make it even a little better. Do they have any ideas of things that could be improved? If they made the app, what would they do differently? What do they think of the look of it? What do they think of the workflow? Does anything take a long time to load that shouldn't? Is anything confusing about the app? Is there anything? You know, I want to know a lot. I want to know every thought that they have about it. And I want to collect all that because it's so easy to make those changes. I just need to know all of their thoughts and feelings about the app as they use it every single day. I mean, as generous as they're willing to be as far as the info. You know what I mean? Maybe even give, like, a cost, maybe a price. So, like, if they fill out their weekly thing thoroughly, right, with lots of information and feedback, they can have, like, a $5 discount or 5%, whatever you think is reasonable, right? Where they get, like, a big chunk taken off of their monthly fee for giving us that feedback. Because that's actually really valuable. It's like having silent partners or whatever. It's like having more partners to help us with the development. Because everything I'm doing is not the stuff you're telling me, right? Well, most of it, anyways. And so, yeah. It's as simple. Yeah. So you get the idea. Yeah.

Dave: Core differentiators are number one. It's a relationship-first platform, not based on just applying blindly. So on the Competitive Advantage page, we need much better core differentiators. And our relationship-first model is our strongest, so to speak. Yes. Relationship-first is our strongest. You could say something like, what I always like to say is, you can't build a relationship with an APS system. There you go. Well, you could, but that would be a weird relationship. I'm just kidding. All right. Technology notes. So proprietary AI models. So most are things to protect you, right? So they surround us. They keep us kind of relatively, keep the competition away a little bit. What is proprietary? Well, if we have our own AI models, like we train them ourselves, which I don't know how much of that we'll be doing. We'll see where that fits. But there's no reason we can't say they're proprietary, because who's to say? I mean, this thing's filled with AI, right? Every feature uses AI in some capacity. Whether we're using GPT or we're using some other AI, saying it's proprietary is a zero-risk kind of thing, even if we don't necessarily train any of our own models. By the way, I have a background in training AI models, so if it's at any point useful, I'll do it. I just don't know, like, with all of the AI models we have at our disposal, if it's going to help us to have an AI model that we train ourselves when there's already lots of data already training things. But, I mean, certainly, at some point, I'm perfectly happy to train an AI model for our specific use case, if we have enough data to even do that, right? So, like, we would need some customers, and maybe we could base our model training on that, maybe our click activity or something like that. But right now, it's still fun to say that we have custom-trained models, because then people are like, well, how am I going to compete with that if they've got their own model? That kind of deal. Yeah. I don't have a proprietary AI model. I can't compete with WorldFairy. So, market positioning versus LinkedIn, more than just networking, right? Complete recruitment automation versus Workday. AI-powered versus traditional HR management versus Greenhouse, or end-to-end automation versus ADS focus, and then versus Indeed, or intelligent matching versus job boards. Again, I think that the market positioning really is, I mean, it's agnostic to all these things, except LinkedIn. But, like, Workday is so different than what, like, I don't know if you've ever been on the inside of Workday or Greenhouse. I have been, and it's nothing like what we're building. So, it's really – and Indeed, too. It's, like, it's not, you know, I mean, it's just not the same. Not the same. Really, the real big differentiating factor, I think, is the email variables. I think that's where the differentiating factor is. And also, I think the differentiating factor is using our own email client and, you know, sending emails to our servers. I mean, there's a lot of companies that, you know, if you click on send email, it opens up whatever email client you have.

Oliver: So when you have the email variable, it pretty much just plugs in automatically whatever that variable is. So it's kind of like the old-fashioned way. Or like the standard kind of like, it's in brackets, it's just plugged into the email, right? Well, that's not exactly what we're doing. So each one of those screens, we get a bunch of context, right, whether it's like who they are, what to do, and all that stuff, right, by the company. We're not just going to like plug all that into an email. It's going to have to be digested and understood for context. And then it's going to have to generate a variable for the email based on that context that fits that email based on who that person that's getting the email. So there's a bit more going on. Right? So that's what just occurred to me. So like, we're not just...each screen does generate a variable for the email, but it isn't just what type to that field. It's digested, contextualized, and then the context as it fits within the whole email, other stuff you've already said, the flow of the email itself, the person that's getting the email, there's...you know, GPT is going to be doing a lot of that for us, but I'm just saying that's what's created, right? It's creating this variable that's filtered through a bunch of contextual considerations. And then you get your variable for that screen. Right? Based on everything that's entered. So that's kind of the important point. The whole idea is you're sending hyper-personalized emails without having to...without going through like a really large learning curve. Learning how to use NA8 or Clay or Apollo or any of these things. What are real competitive advantages or marketing position or technology, however you want to see that is, it's the idea of making it very easy and allowing them to take advantage of all these AI automation, technology automation things without having to go through the hard work of learning how to do all those things. Yeah, totally agree with you.

Dave: If I were to show you a very, very easy process that takes baby steps with you to get things done, you know, you're going to go, okay, I can do this. And like, it's really allowing access to people that don't know how to do all these different things. So, I mean, that's our competitive advantage, right? Because these email variables are being filtered through all those things. And so, in the backend, there's all these AI agents going on, and so there's automation that's going on. There's all these different processes and everything that, if they were to do it themselves, would take them a long time. Like, you know, essentially, it's like, you know, it's like, how does a go-to-market engineer to do all these things for you? By the way, we briefly talked about, last time, about doing a personality assessment as, like, an optional thing. I think some people won't find it, like, it jives with their personality to even do a personality assessment. They're, like, too analytical or whatever. But others will. I don't want to say females, because it's kind of sexist, but, like, people that are more, like, liberal leaning or, like, more artistically inclined, right? Something I might play around with, right? People, like, a little bit more flexible in their thinking might be interested in a personality assessment. So, it could just be, like, an optional thing. I don't know if you want to upsell for it or not, but it could be included as not necessarily a step, but, like, you know, just kind of another little feature. I think that what we were talking about in that context that I thought was good was if someone is an administrative assistant, just say, and they want to get into cyber security, and they're, like, well, you know, cyber security probably isn't your best drum suit. We did a personality assessment, and from that, we think that your best, you know, transition to another position would be, you know, this, you know, based on personality. Yeah. So, what do you think about putting that as an optional feature? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, I think that's good. We have to see how that works into the workflow of everything. Well, I don't think it would be, it wouldn't be part of the workflow, because it's an optional feature. So, we'd have, like, a little fun button scattered around, right, and finding some way to kind of, you know, say, hey, this is optional, but try. There you go. The word try says it all right. So, try a personality assessment, and then it could, you just answer your questions that, you know, they would have there. They can even pick a type of personality assessment, because we all know there's a bunch, right. They can do the Myers-Briggs, right, the whole, you know, ASMR, INTJ thing. ASMR, that's different. You know, I mean, INTJ, INTJ, you know, NSFP, like, these different, like, Myers-Briggs things, and they have, like, other ones. There's, like, so many. I've done them at different jobs and stuff. But I question their value. I guess I just don't, like, personally, I'm too, like, I'm an individual. There you put me in a box. But I find it personally, like, challenges me, challenges my own, like, soul. So, I, like, always kind of, like, yeah, right, I'm not that, but then I do sometimes. I usually do some sort of prayer. I was like, yeah, I guess. Kind of like astrology. It's just kind of like, don't call me a Gemini. Like, and then, anyways, it's sort of weird to put people in boxes. Not everybody likes that. I think it should be optional. I think it could be useful, and then we can figure out how it's going to inform their campaign, right? So, maybe there's, like, optional, you know, very good. Every email could be really interesting, if you really want to get into it. What could be really interesting is that when you go to the section where it talks about audience adaptive tone, and you have these different tones and audiences, you can put in their personality type, and that could be the tone of their message from the personality type. There you go. So, maybe it doesn't need to store the data. They do the personality test. It gives them their Myers-Briggs letters, and then they just know it. So, then later, optional, putting a personality type symbol, and then they can use that to help structure their language. Yeah, that could be something that's really unique to what we're doing. Why not?

Oliver: Yeah, it definitely adds something, right? And it's optional. So if they hate it, it doesn't hurt anybody. I mean, just don't put it in there. So it could just be a generic, you know, like email, or it could be one that's structured to their personality. It's also a fun thing to talk about. So, you know, an optional, you know, tune your voice to your personality type option, which is a free option. I just thought it's a fun thing to add. It's also really easy to add that. It's not like an extra AI tool or anything. Yeah. Okay, moving on. Did we look at that last page enough? Growth strategy? I mean, the growth strategy, I think, is really about building community. I think that this doesn't say that at all. But I strongly believe that building community is going to be the way to grow this. Okay. So we want the growth strategy to be more on the community building. But is it still relevant that we have phase one, phase two, and phase three, where phase one is a foundation, phase two is we scale it, and phase three is we build it to a platform where we have a whole marketplace launch, and we scale to 100. Well, we don't need that many employees, but we could maybe scale to 10. That would be huge for us, because we don't need that many. 10 would be like we have testers, we have the QA people, we have software managers to manage the five people on the team, and we also have your team, which is your whole marketing people. They're out there on the ground, they're marketing, they're whatever. Yeah, I mean, Simplified Jobs is run by Michael Yan, and there's only like six people. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm not saying it needs a big team. But again, I'm sure you heard Dave Martel's buy back your time philosophy, right? I don't want to be super busy. So I'm okay with being busy for like a year or two, but I'm just saying I don't want to be like, I'm not trying to buy myself a job, and neither are you. So at some point, replacing anything mundane that you can do with people that can do it for you would be great. Well, I think that... I mean, as founders, we just... And I think that that's where the community comes in. And I really think that the community can just run with this, and we actually are just going to step back. Software updates are real. So they're going to find bugs, not necessarily like the software's broken bug, but like something doesn't quite work the way they want, or if they click the buttons in a certain order, it doesn't take them to the page they thought they were supposed to go to, or it's really hard because we weren't consistent with some of our naming somewhere. It's kind of hard to find those pages, and we need to fix that to the point where we're going to lose business if we don't, that kind of stuff. And those kind of changes are going to be like... I might make them daily and push them weekly or something. That's probably the most I can do since it's a weekend job for me until we have real revenue, right? I'm going to be doing this on like Friday, Saturday, Sunday, right? And so like, yeah. Anyways, I'm just saying, we... Yeah, let me move on. That's Michael Yams, that's Michael Yams' LinkedIn. The guy that runs Simplified Jobs. Nice. Did you send it to my... you sent it to this meeting chat? Yeah, it's in the meeting chat. Am I going to be able to access this meeting chat later? Do you want me to send you an email? No, I'll just save the LinkedIn here. Yeah. All right, I got it. Thank you, Michael Yams. Founder and CEO of Simplified. So I just saved it so I can look at it. All right. I'm only showing you this because like, we don't really need that many people to be very successful. No, no, no. I know that. Well, I knew that already. I'm just saying, if we do any hiring, it's going to be like a very small team, but we still, if we get big enough, we definitely are going to need some people to do our jobs because otherwise we just fail because we didn't keep up with the demand. But yeah, we're only a few people. I think you should have a team of people to handle all your marketing responsibilities so you don't have to. And all you do is check in with them once a week, right? Be like, how's everything going? Okay, great. Let me get back to my yacht. And then same for me, like, you know, kind of, is the software working? Is there any issues? Anything you need my help with? Like, any questions? As we talk about this growth plan and everything, and, you know, I think that the best way to do it is to do community. And we have a community manager, and really we're just, I have marketing people that come out, a community manager, and then we pretty much just collect the checks. So the community managers, you're managing other people in the community and answering any questions. If they have something, like, really serious, we'll respond. And, you know, but I think...

Dave: Let me put this in the transcript. So in the investment-terms.html file, we have contact information that does not match anything real except for the email. Email's right. The phone number is made up, 505-123-4567. We address it. We are not in San Francisco, although I wouldn't mind. They have better weather than here. Anyways, but these are some ideas. So we have the minimum investment of $50,000. Only for accredited investors. All investments subject to standard terms and conditions, whatever those are. So we have a convertible preferred stock. Well, we don't have an IPO, so I think that would be like pre-anyways. We'll talk about these things. So we have board seats. We have two investor seats, two founder seats, and one independent. I don't know. These are things to talk about. I don't know enough about it to have an opinion. But there's a seed round, a pre-money valuation, post-money valuation, and an equity offer. I don't know. Do we want $2 million to offer someone 20% equity to help us build this? I'll see why not, right? I mean, we need to have some revenue, don't we, to do that? I think that no one would want to buy it if they didn't have any idea how much money we could make with it. But that could be something we have in March or April. I mean, there's something to think about. This thing does have the potential to go pretty crazy. It's got to be operational, and we need to get it to a point of it's operational. So this is the investment opportunity, as these are our little brand assets? Yeah, the other thing that I think that we should talk about is the idea of scale.

Oliver: If you have like emails, right? I mean, because the thing about all these things with AI and everything is you can spin up, let's say you get all the emails right and everything, now we're spinning up like 50 emails we're sending out in like a day that are all personalized to all these different contacts, right? And so that is also a big piece. If you can scale that up, now we're talking like big, big, big results, really. Okay. So that is a thing that we need to do right and carefully. Like you said, we do it wrong and we get ourselves in some issues. But yeah. So here's a Marketing Hub series of pages. We were looking at the Investor Hub a second ago, right? So here's a positioning one pager. So Roll Ferry turns job descriptions into tailored outreach and tracking from pain points to interview in one flow. So that's our product in one sentence. If you like it, think about it. Maybe we can tweak it. The Roll Ferry Advantage. For recruiters, transform your agency from reactive to proactive. Instead of manually sifting through hundreds of resumes and crafting individual outreach emails, Roll Ferry's AI does the heavy lifting. Our platform analyzes job requirements, identifies ideal candidates, and generates personalized outreach sequences that actually get responses. For job seekers, it says stop sending generic applications into the void. Roll Ferry helps you understand exactly what employees are looking for, matches your skills to their pain points, and crafts compelling pitches that demonstrate real value. No more, we'll keep your resume on file, get actual interviews. Three times faster, 90% higher, 75% higher. I'd like to make an adjustment to the Roll Ferry Advantage for recruiters section. All right, on the positioning one page. Go for it. Yeah. So right now the way that it's talking about its advantage is for the person doing sourcing. So in recruiting, there's what's called full desk and half desk. And if you're a full desk recruiter, it means that you do sourcing and business development. The way it's positioned right now is more for the sourcing. But that's not what we're building this for. We're not building this for sourcing. I mean, that could be an advantage, but that is really not a competitive advantage. Because that's what ATS systems are built for. Gotcha. You know, this is really more for the business development side for recruiting. Gotcha. It's like for the account executives, for the sales people that are selling recruiting services.

Dave: Let's move on here, and that will be noted and adjusted for next time. So who we serve. We serve the job seekers, so the outcome is to land more interviews with personalized outreach. Outcome is save 10 plus hours per week on job applications. Another outcome is to get responses from three times more applicants. For the recruiters, agencies, and teams, fill positions 40% faster with qualified candidates, reduce time to hire by 60% through better targeting, and increase placement success by 2.5 times. Yeah. Again, that is, those outcomes are more geared towards sourcing, recruiters that are sourcing talent. Okay. What we're really focused on is getting more clients for staffing agencies. Gotcha. And so, what we want to say is the outcome, sign on three more, sign on three companies with active recs in one month, you know. Okay. It's, you know, like, well, that's where, that's what we're really trying to do. The outcome would be, like, you know, increase revenue for your staffing agency by 60%. Okay. You know, the time to hire and those type of things are more sourcing. Gotcha. Okay. Excellent. Noted. Okay.

Oliver: So, for our top three outcomes, would you think those are our top three outcomes, top three measurable outcomes from the decision-making? Definitely, you're going to have more replies on either side. Faster scheduling? Don't think faster scheduling. You know, more like, you know, you'll get... Faster scheduling really isn't a thing. You're getting more interviews. More interviews, you know, faster scheduling isn't a good way of saying it. You're being more efficient with your time. And higher qualified interviews, more relevant. That's kind of like the... I don't know. Qualified? Who should say what's qualified? I think qualified has a different meaning in this context. So, you qualified them as like a qualified... Your prospect is like someone who has money or whatever. Yeah, like I think that when we get into the recruiter side of things, what would be really effective and what people would really pay for is the signals. That would be highly qualified. So, you get more highly qualified accounts. You know, each account is like a cash cow. You can continue to milk the cash cow. You get one client that has like ten orders. And that's the cash. And so, I think that when we get to the recruiter side of things, we're working a lot on the job seeker side of things. I think that's why it's talking in this way. When we get to the recruiter side of things, to the business side, what would really be good is to have signals. And so, signals would be news that indicates they're opening up a new location for this business and they need people. You're sending them a timely hyper personalized email regarding the news article and they're inspired to respond back and say, yeah, how did you know we do need people? Yeah, we have people you can send us. Sign this agreement for Jacob and Josh staffing and sign them down the line for 20% off.

Dave: Match, pain point match, you get a fit score plus rationale in plain English or Spanish. Find contacts, select up to three contacts per company by default, and then create offer, pre-flight, launch, track, editable messages with tone presets. All right, plain English, pre-flight checks, no technical jargon, just green ticks for go, no go. Anyways, did you think that, what am I missing here? So we've got some snake order five-step flow. It's a 10-step flow, so why is it a, it should, it should be a 10-step flow. Yeah, it should be consistent. Yeah, so fix that transcript GPT. It's a 10-step flow, the snake order on the positioning one-pager. Don't try to make it half the steps. It's really a one-click 10-step flow, so if you have all your information plugged in, you should be able to just click start campaigning. It should go through, and you should be able to go through, change just the job and everything else that was already plugged in. All right, you know, you just make a couple of changes, and then it automates the whole, yeah. So find a way to say, 10-step sounds like a lot, so don't maybe go too hard on the whole 10-step flow thing, but it is 10 steps, but they're automated steps that are completed with one click once the information is present. I think that's the cell here.

Oliver: So, proof point. So, plain English pre-flight checks. No technical jargon, just green ticks for going on. Yeah, it is kind of nice. Like a lot of those systems that you're using, right, they're a little tedious to kind of learn and to use. That is my point, 100%. Yeah, it is kind of just like nice to just go on here and have like, you know, I don't want to have to learn a whole new thing. It should be so intuitive that I already know what to do. Little steps. That's a real competitive advantage. The intuitive nature. That's Apple's thing. Like their thing is just being so intuitive that a child can learn how to use their iPhone, their iPad instantly. Like a child, the first time using it, already knows how to find everything on it without having to look around. That's our biggest advantage. Yeah, and some of these people are not tech friendly. Like, you know, not everybody is software. I'm actually kind of bad. Like, I have my wife figure out how to use half the apps on my phone. Because I'm like, Jennifer, I can't figure this out. Can you like figure out how to use a stupid app? I can't even get it. Like, how do I do this? Like the banking app we use. I'm like, how do I like, how do I look at my account number on this app? It's like nowhere to be found. She's like, you have to click this first and then this and this. Some of these apps are not intuitive. And my wife is much better at figuring them out. She used to work at T-Mobile, so she's kind of like a pro at finding stuff on phones or whatever. But anyways, I'm one of these people that has a hard time with software despite the fact that I'm a software guy. Like, learning other people's products is often very confusing for me. Anyways, moving on. What's not in scope? So, do we agree with this? And do we want it to be in scope and sooner perhaps since we have AI to help us? So, the CRM, ATS, deep integrations, the advanced analytics dashboard, 2024. I mean, it could be interesting to, it could be interesting to integration, but it wouldn't be what we're doing right now. It's a whole different thing. Because again, you really have to understand the difference between sourcing, recruiting sourcing, and business development recruiting. It's called full cycle, full desk for a reason. Because it's usually set up as two separate jobs. It's usually one person that is like a sourcer.

Dave: Recruiting positions? There is no business development role. Yeah. Like, so, that's because, you know, when you're working at a staffing agency, which this is really, another benefit is, this is really for staffing agency recruiters. This isn't for your internal recruiter at Moody's or whatever, Amazon, Facebook. That's not what this is for, on the recruit side. So, that's why I keep saying it's not comparable to greenhouse and ATX systems, because it's really not what we're doing here. The greenhouse indeed could be, but we're really looking at this from a sales side, where we're turning job seekers into advocates and salesmen for their own career. Yeah. And we're also supporting the sales function of the recruiting agency. Yeah. There's a thing I want to note in the transcript, is that some of these, for some reason, it's given us weird years, like 2024 and 2025. Anything 2024 and 2025 should be 2026. So, I noticed there was, like, it said something about coming in 2024, quarter 3, or Q3. That should be 2026. So, yeah. Change any 2024 or 2025 years to 2026, since we're not even going to try to launch the thing until at least January.

Oliver: So, all right. So, headline. I want to skip some stuff here. Sorry, just my finger decided to scroll. Okay, so brand promise. So, we've got the role fairy eliminates the guesswork in job applications by turning job descriptions into personalized outreach that gets responses. Okay, it's a brand promise. Value pillars. So, we've got the plain English checks and explanations, no technical jargon, just actionable insights, transparent fit scoring, know exactly what you match or don't before applying. It gives us a fit score, right? It gives us a percentage, right? Does it? We already have that clear on there. And then the editable everything. So, customize messages, tone, and approach. Yeah, we have everything where it populates the field, right, with the message, and then you can just change whatever. So, editable everything is probably good. You don't want to get stuck with some weird message you're not comfortable with, and you have to send it anyways because it's, like, stuff. But Clay already has that, right? And then fast. So, fewer clicks from JD to launch. So, five steps versus hours of manual search. Why do they keep saying five steps? So, transcript, GPT. Whenever it says five steps, that's wrong. It's ten steps. But ten steps is scary, so it's an automated ten steps. Ten AI-powered automated steps, I should say, instead of five steps. Ten AI-powered linked steps. There you go. Because each step is building on top of the next. Linked steps, yeah. They're connected or, well, they're automated. What's another word for that? Well, anyways, don't say five steps. Where are you getting this? Anyways, batch processing, handle multiple applications in one workflow. You could probably do that, right? So, that means you would load up all the companies you want. You select the ones you want. So, on that final campaign screen, we need to add, let's look at that real quick because I hadn't really thought about it. But that's probably a thing we want, right? So, let's go to the wireframe real quick. And on the final campaign screen, actually, that's not even the final campaign screen, is it? Could be this one. Am I wrong? Oh, I see. That's just launching the campaign. So, this is the final campaign screen. Stop. Okay, thank you. Okay, you like that confetti? So, anyways, so, on this screen, we need to have a column over here that has, you've selected all your people, right? It should have, like, a column that shows the person name. You know, I think that the campaign composer and the other one need to be combined. Yeah, so, we're campaigning the compose. I think this is what we've been working on. Yeah, well, it's gonna compose for each. Like, the compose is for each person. So, you select the person. You have all of their compositions loaded. I mean, saved under each of their names. So, you have, like, composition check. You have, like, their name. This is on the compose. Yeah, it should be like this. It should be like this. Let me share. It should load. Well, it should load like this, right? And then you select the name. You compose that email for that person. And you load the next composer for that person. I don't know. Yeah, let me just give you an example. This is, like, this is a really good example. So, I'm just gonna share my screen real quick. All right, go for it.

Dave: On that Compose screen, I'm saying that on this screen, you go down the list, you pick the person that's going to populate this message. If you look at a different person, a different message shows up here. So this is kind of like you're showing me, but my point is we don't have that. Yeah, because the first name would be that, the company name would be from the leads on the left side. Yeah, so there shouldn't be any brackets left by this point, right? It should all be like filled. It should be filled, because you're clicking on the lead. So the Compose screen shouldn't show brackets. It should show what actually goes, that message should be a complete message. And then you click on the person. Only when you click on the person, right? You should have the available variables on the right side, and then the leads, if you will, on the left side. So, you know, there could be 50 people here on this left-hand column. Each one will say the company name next to it, so you know, just for your own memory, like it's Jim from Costco and Mary from Safeway. Everybody works at stores, I guess. But then like a big old list, right? And then that's on the left. Okay, I just wanted to be kind of like verbalize that because it helped my brain remember it. And then on the campaign screen, we have this. So this seems, oh, am I going backwards? I'm a little confused about this. No, I think we need to combine the two into one screen. And really I think that this screen is more for the follow sequence. So that's what this seems is really for. We have like seven steps here, it looks like. Seven. Those are different calls to action. Oh, I see. So this would be the follow-up sequence. Okay, so we have... Follow-up sequence, yeah. Okay. I see. So they get three emails. They get a polite nudge. If they don't respond, they get a value add. And then they get the final attempt if they... By the way, in case you were too busy for my last message, I get those a lot from people on LinkedIn and stuff. They're like telling me something. I'm just like, yeah, I don't know who responds to you, bro, but good luck. All right, and then launch campaign. I got this little animated thing. Boop, boop, boop. Of course they're going in the wrong order. So anyways, yeah. Okay, and then for recruiters, I don't know if any of this changes. So the recruiter side, I think it should be different. It should be a little bit different. We're really focusing on the job seeker side.

Oliver: We don't need to like stretch our brain over two different things. It might confuse us. It might confuse me. Okay, we'll make it to there. We've done a lot already, I think. Keep in mind, most of these ideas are yours. So it isn't like I'm taking credit for this. This is a team effort here and you're the ideation person for the most part. So, okay. Where were we? So, we were looking at...oh, we saw this, right? Did we see this? Did we see this? The value pillars. And then the screenshot. Oh, so this is how you would do a screenshot if you were like on the marketing team. And it's just something AI created. So, clean data only. No PII. Consistent zoom level. It just kind of gives you some guidelines for the screenshots. And then how they'd be shared. You can look at that and see if it makes any sense. I'm not super confident that that's a value add for us right now, but I'll let you decide. When you have a chance to look at file naming convention, if you want to be super...it's more like when we expand a little bit. It's a problem in two lines. So, job applications are broken. You send generic applications and get no responses and waste hours on each one. By the way, I was thinking about creating some ads on like the AI videos. So, I had this vision for an ad I was creating earlier. So, this guy he's like sitting in front of his laptop. He's got like messy hair. He hasn't shaved for a while. He's wearing his sweatpants. And he's on the computer. Kind of a dimly lit messy room. And the narrator says in the background, it's like, you've been trying for months. You've sent hundreds of applications. You've got no response. And then you hear the ferry is waiting for you outside. And he goes outside and he gets on the ferry. He puts on his suit and he goes to the interview. He rides the ferry and now he's like got stacks of cash. I like that. That sounds fun. And then I was like working on the AI video part of it too. A little bit, but it's still rough. So, ready to see how it works? Book a fifteen minute walkthrough or start with the sample job description. The link is in the chat. Yeah, the call to action is not to look at the app. In terms of sales and marketing, we don't want to be like, just look at the app. On my side of things, from a go to market perspective, it's not what's going to get them excited. It's really like a pain point. So, the pain point is what could you do with an extra twenty thousand dollars? Let's talk about it on the call. You know what I mean? Yeah, totally. I think, yeah, maybe look at their workflow. And then be like, oh yeah, so we've automated this whole thing. That would be great. If you could get on the phone with some like recruiting company, be like, do you mind showing me your workflow? I just want to see how our software might help tighten that up. Exactly, yeah. And then they'd be like, oh wow, we have your whole workflow already done. Come look at this app. And then you click here, it just automates everything. It's like, so yeah, it sounds like we're gonna save you maybe, because they've already told you how many hours each step takes. Like about how many hours per week would you say this process would be? Okay, great. Yeah, so this will take you about fifteen minutes and it will do everything. Yeah, if we can get there, that would be great. That would be, that's kind of the goal, right? So, brand voice and tone. This is about branding, right? This is all marketing stuff. It's stuff to think about. So, anything you disagree with, this would be a place for you to like read it over, tell me like, because you know how to get here, right? From the home page? Yeah. Okay, so you know how to get here. So, you read it over and be like, I disagree with this, reword this, and then we can adjust our branding kind of like approach. So, that we're both consistent. Because right now it's just me and you. I'll probably do some marketing attempts too. I don't have like the experience you do, but I'll, you know, I'm creative. So, I'll figure some stuff. So, I'm not gonna like put the whole thing on your shoulders. Besides, we have maybe a different, like I don't, while we might mostly focus on Charleston, right, we don't necessarily need to stay in Charleston, like exclusively. So, like if I'm able to like find some outreach methods that are a little bit broader, right, maybe like South Carolina, maybe even outside there if I see demand like on LinkedIn. Well, yeah, you could definitely do like northeast, southeast, midwest, west coast, you know, you could do like that kind of stuff. That's what most people do. Yeah, we might even like compete just for fun. Just to see like, let's see who can get, because you have your big old network and then I don't know what I have, but I'll figure out something that I have. I'll attack my marketing, New Tech Years, and we can kind of like, you know, compare notes and maybe learn from each other. I don't know, I'm sure you have more to teach than I do. But it would be fun to have someone working with me and we can kind of have a base to kind of compare what's working and what's not. Anyways, examples by use case. Did I skip anything important while I was rambling? No, these are like the different, whatchamacallits, this is more like instructions than anything else. Yeah, instructions on marketing. But see, it's useful because when you look at it, it can be like I disagree with this and then fix it. Or maybe you remove a section. Because like, you know, there's different tones just like with the, just for the recruiters and for the job seekers. We're also gonna have our own tone for marketing our app, right? So, sales is gonna be results focused. Engineering is gonna be technical focused. Like if your approach is CIO, I guess, or CTO. Efficiency. Well, I mean, it's really gonna be, I think that the tone will be very much focused on the industry. So, at least for on the sales marketing side for the app. We're gonna speak to the manufacturing people different than we're gonna speak to the technical people. We're gonna have different, you know, ways to speak into like a blue collar to into a white collar. For the tone, maybe we should put something in the transcript about hey, let's adjust this tone, right? So, we've got the recruiter. They care about efficiency, I guess. I guess that's fair enough, maybe. The hiring manager cares about competence. The executive of the company that we're approaching, they might care about return on investment and strategy. The sales people care about the results if they're the ones using it. I don't know that we need to approach engineers, but it doesn't hurt to have a plan for them. I guess efficiency people, is that what they're talking about? They care about process. I'm gonna work on this, because I don't agree with everything it says. I think it should be more industry specific. Yeah, this took an entire three seconds to generate, so I hope it's perfect. I think I waited a whole two seconds for this ten pages to be generated instantly. I plugged in the general idea, but it did a lot here. So, I'm relatively happy with the structure it gave us for the amount of time I had to wait for it. Alright, so, examples by use case, landing page, fill positions forty percent faster, hiring manager, get candidates who actually match, transform hiring from cost advantage, close more deals with better prospects, automate the manual work, eliminate the guesswork. Alright, well, I don't know. That could be something to look at. Maybe even if you just kind of give me like, if you want, I mean, if you think it's valuable or useful, just give me like five other types of people that we might approach. And then we can generate more thorough ways to approach them, if you think that's a valuable use of your time. Alright, so, frequently asked questions, let's see if these are any good. So, what does RollFerry do versus does do today? RollFerry turns job descriptions into personalized outreach that gets responses. We don't do CRM, ATS, deep integrations, advanced analytics dashboards, or multi-language support yet. Those are road map items. I don't know if we need to include that or not.

Dave: Bring bits of our conversation from that day. How is the FIT score calculated? AI analyzes your skills against job requirements, matches pain points to your solutions, and gives the percentage score with plain English rationale explaining why you match or don't. And that tells you what it does. It doesn't tell you how it does it, right? I mean, it doesn't tell you anything about how it does it. People are comfortable already with AI doing stuff. They're like, well, it's AI, that's all. Alright, so what are pre-flight checks and what does green mean? Built-in deliverability checks ensure your emails reach the inbox. Green ticks mean your email will likely be delivered successfully. Red means there are issues to fix before sending. That's kind of neat. How does RollFerry handle data and privacy? We use mock data and demos. No PII and examples. Real users data is encrypted. GDPR compliant and never shared. We're SOC 2 and ISO 27001 certified. Who knows? We might have to just get that done. I mean, we might literally legally be required to get this. It might just be like a hundred dollar fee in class or something. I'm not against doing it. I'm just saying none of that is correct. Well, by the time it's in front of eyeballs, it probably will be. It isn't bullshit. It's early. We're preparing a document that hasn't been put in front of anyone yet. So what's the difference? I'm not gonna lie to anybody. Like if we put this in front of people, it's not gonna have inaccurate information. What's the difference between the tracker versus the CSV view report? So the in-app tracker shows your application pipeline with stages and outcomes. CSV export lets you download data for external. Does that? I think everybody knows what that is. What's on the road map for CRM ATS integration? Deep integrations with Bullhorn, Sightball, and other major platforms. Do we care about that? No, I don't want any integrations yet. Okay, so we're not gonna discuss the integrations in the Q&A. And still, it's doing this 2024 nonsense. So 2026, obviously, since that's gonna happen in two months.

Oliver: We don't need to mention GPT-4 anywhere in the app because we're probably going to use CLOG, maybe Gemini for some things, maybe GPT-4 for others, but we haven't committed, so let's just keep it AI, LLM, broad, generic for now, maybe forever. We don't need to know our secrets when it comes to which AI backend we're using anyways because then we'll be like, well, I'll use that. So, yeah. So it says, how does the AI actually work? We can just say we use LLMs or AI to extract pain points from job descriptions, match them to your skills, and generate personalized outreach. It's like having a personalized recruiter for every application. What makes RollFerry different from other platforms? We're the only platform that turns job descriptions into personalized outreach. Others just match keywords. We match pain points to solutions and targeted messages. How much does it cost? Pricing starts at brackets to be filled. We haven't figured out what our pricing is yet. We should talk about that at another time when we have our things more worked out, right? And for recruiters and enterprising pricing available for teams and agencies. Oh, so for individual recruiters. Gotcha. And then for, so a different price. So we basically have three pricing tiers. There's job seekers. There's your folks on LinkedIn that can be from anywhere. They can even be from India as long as they're recruiting within the U.S., right? They could get their own individual recruiter price. And then for a whole agency, they could have enterprise price. Actually, there's three. No, that's not the thing. The three is, I mean, even if you want to do that, there's four. But either way, it's the career coaches. Career coaches. It's the job seekers and staffing agency people and independent recruiters. So if you want to do that, it's four. Okay. And then the job seekers. Yeah. Well, technically, if you want to use that, it's four then. Okay. So job seeker, independent recruiter, career coach, agency recruiters. So the one I left out is career coach. Yeah. So is career coach a main thing? Like, are there a lot of those? There's a good amount. Are there? Okay. I was kind of unfamiliar with the concept until I met you, to be honest. Yeah. I mean, there's a good amount. And some, like, I also want to share this with you so that you have some context on how much money we should actually be making on this. Like, I really, I think you've got the best, this guy has got the best website.

Dave: ...work that people don't do. You know, a lot of them just do their resume writing and that bullshit. Yeah. And people...dude, I know someone that's paid like $5,000 for a resume rewrite. Yeah. That's kind of old-fashioned. What we're doing is really very premium. This guy looks 12, man. He's like 12 with a beard. Neil. I don't know, man. I'm skeptical about Neil. I got some questions for sure. All right, man. I think I'm... Okay. It was good talk. We covered enough pages today. There's only a couple left and... I mean, we could either look at them or you could jump. Either way, it's all good. We covered a lot. And... I'll... Yeah. Let's implement some of the changes and, you know, keep it going. Yeah. Try to think like timelines and next steps and like when you want to accomplish what and how. So like we need to have clear goals about what we want to do by when and what success looks like by when. Because we're a company, right? We're creating a product together. We're going to do a 50-50 split on both of the app sales and the market and everything, right? That's what you're most comfortable with. It makes sense to me. Because you're really helping with development with all the leading the product design and your feedback. And I just don't think I should be cut out of the marketing because I really think I'll be part of it somehow. Even though you're like more dialed in. I think I'll get there, especially with the help of AI and stuff. I'll make myself valuable in some way. And I'm highly motivated to do it. So don't worry about that. So point is, without rambling, without keeping on the phone when you told me you were trying to go, you want to say good night. I want deadlines. Yeah. I don't mean to say, I hope you don't feel condescended to when I say here's your homework. But I want you to like work on some deadlines for me so that it'll help me motivate me and it'll help me know like when I'm going to get what done by when. I think January sounds like, because it's 2026, right? I would like to start something like on a very serious level by January, whatever that means. Maybe that means the product is online, ready to go, 100% complete, everything's plugged in. I think that's really close, man. I'll put together some timelines and deadlines for you. Cool. Because I feel like we're very, very close. Yeah. And I would like to, I would like January probably to be more like a launch. Yeah. Being like, you know, what I'm saying by that is almost like in December, we've already had people use this thing a couple times. You know, January is like launching to the public. Okay. So by January, I need to make sure everything works, like all the AI plugged in, the back end is plugged in. Yeah. At least have a couple of testers in December. Okay. I think we're really, I think we're really close, really. Because it's only November 1st, right? November 2nd, November 1st. What is today? Yeah. I don't even know what day it is. Yeah. So, cool. Let's do that. Is it November 2nd? Cool. Anyways, we'll do that and I'm excited and I think, because I see it, I see it happening. I have confidence we can get there. And... I'll get the deadlines up. Yeah. Give me some clear deadlines and because then I can figure out what needs to be completed by those deadlines. And, you know, maybe I'll have to adjust your deadlines, but at least I'll know what your expectations are so that we can work with that. Okay. And we need to keep it moving because I don't want to be like, things, it's really easy for things to stagnate because it's easy to, there's a million things on everybody's plate, right? So, before it starts to stagnate, we've got to keep it moving with some very clear deadlines. All right, man. Good talk. I got lots of notes here. I've got lots of transcribed segments of our conversation. I'm going to show you something a little bit different next time and make some changes that we talked about. You have a good night. Good talk. All right. Bye.